#
# This list is based on data retrieved from
#
#   Dyntaxa - Svensk Taxonomisk Databas
#   <https://www.dyntaxa.se>
#
# on 2018-10-11.  The details of retrieval are documented in
# git://snipabacken.se/taxa.
#
# The list is in the order used at Dyntaxa, presumably its taxonomic
# ordering. Common name synonyms don't originate with Dyntaxa, but are
# my additions.
#
# Note the capitalization. A few common names include capital letters,
# e.g. Jungfru Marie nycklar.
#
# For further notes on the file format, see groblad_species(5).

# Lycopodiaceae
lopplummer		(Huperzia selago)
groddlummer		(Huperzia selago ssp. arctica)
vanlig lopplummer	(Huperzia selago ssp. selago)
strandlummer		(Lycopodiella inundata)
fjällummer		(Lycopodium alpinum)
revlummer		(Lycopodium annotinum)
nordlummer		(Lycopodium annotinum ssp. alpestre)
vanlig revlummer	(Lycopodium annotinum ssp. annotinum)
mattlummer		(Lycopodium clavatum)
vanlig mattlummer	(Lycopodium clavatum ssp. clavatum)
riplummer		(Lycopodium clavatum ssp. monostachyon)
plattlummer		(Lycopodium complanatum)
vanlig plattlummer	(Lycopodium complanatum ssp. complanatum)
finnlummer		(Lycopodium complanatum ssp. montellii)
cypresslummer		(Lycopodium tristachyum)
mellanlummer		(Lycopodium zeilleri)
fjällummer × plattlummer (Lycopodium alpinum × complanatum)
fjällummer × vanlig plattlummer (Lycopodium alpinum × complanatum ssp. complanatum)
fjällummer × finnlummer (Lycopodium alpinum × complanatum ssp. montellii)
fjällummer × cypresslummer (Lycopodium alpinum × tristachyum)

# Isoëtaceae
braxengräs		(Isoëtes)
vekt braxengräs		(Isoëtes echinospora)
styvt braxengräs	(Isoëtes lacustris)
vekt braxengräs × styvt braxengräs (Isoëtes echinospora × lacustris)

# Selaginellaceae
dvärglummer		(Selaginella selaginoides)
glansmosslummer		(Selaginella kraussiana)

# Equisetaceae
åkerfräken		(Equisetum arvense)
krypfräken		(Equisetum arvense ssp. alpestre)
vanlig åkerfräken	(Equisetum arvense ssp. arvense)
sjöfräken		(Equisetum fluviatile)
skavfräken		(Equisetum hyemale)
gotlandsfräken		(Equisetum × moorei)
kärrfräken		(Equisetum palustre)
ängsfräken		(Equisetum pratense)
trådfräken		(Equisetum scirpoides)
skogsfräken		(Equisetum sylvaticum)
jättefräken		(Equisetum telmateia)
smalfräken		(Equisetum variegatum)
strandfräken		(Equisetum arvense × fluviatile)
åkerfräken × kärrfräken (Equisetum arvense × palustre)
åkerfräken × ängsfräken (Equisetum arvense × pratense)
åkerfräken × skogsfräken (Equisetum arvense × sylvaticum)
dynfräken		(Equisetum fluviatile × palustre)
älvfräken		(Equisetum hyemale × variegatum)
kärrfräken × ängsfräken (Equisetum palustre × pratense)
ängsfräken × skogsfräken (Equisetum pratense × sylvaticum)
trådfräken × smalfräken (Equisetum scirpides × variegatum)

# Ophioglossaceae
nordlåsbräken		(Botrychium boreale)
topplåsbräken		(Botrychium lanceolatum)
månlåsbräken		(Botrychium lunaria)
= låsbräken
gleslåsbräken		(Botrychium lunaria var. melzeri)
vanlig månlåsbräken	(Botrychium lunaria var. lunaria)
rutlåsbräken		(Botrychium matricariifolium)
killåsbräken		(Botrychium minganense)
höstlåsbräken		(Botrychium multifidum)
nagglåsbräken		(Botrychium nordicum)
dvärglåsbräken		(Botrychium simplex)
-			(Botrychium simplex var. simplex)
pysslinglåsbräken	(Botrychium simplex var. tenebrosum)
snedlåsbräken		(Botrychium tunux)
stor låsbräken		(Botrychium virginianum)
späd ormtunga		(Ophioglossum azoricum)
ormtunga		(Ophioglossum vulgatum)

# Osmundaceae
safsa			(Osmunda regalis)

# Hymenophyllaceae
hinnbräken		(Hymenophyllum wilsonii)

# Marsileaceae
klöverbräken		(Marsilea quadrifolia)
klotgräs		(Pilularia globulifera)

# Salviniaceae
mossbräken		(Azolla filiculoides)
liten mossbräken	(Azolla mexicana)
öronsimbräken		(Salvinia auriculata)
-			(Salvinia molesta)
simbräken		(Salvinia natans)

# Lygodiaceae
japansk klätterbräken	(Lygodium japonicum)

# Dennstaedtiaceae
höbräken		(Dennstaedtia punctilobula)
örnbräken		(Pteridium aquilinum)
slokörnbräken		(Pteridium aquilinum ssp. aquilinum)
taigaörnbräken		(Pteridium aquilinum ssp. latiusculum)

# Pteridaceae
frilandsadiantum	(Adiantum pedatum)
krusbräken		(Cryptogramma crispa)

# Cystopteridaceae
alpstenbräken		(Cystopteris alpina)
stenbräken		(Cystopteris fragilis)
finbräken		(Cystopteris montana)
sudetbräken		(Cystopteris sudetica)
alpstenbräken × stenbräken (Cystopteris alpina × fragilis)
östbräken		(Gymnocarpium continentale)
ekbräken		(Gymnocarpium dryopteris)
kalkbräken		(Gymnocarpium robertianum)
östbräken × ekbräken	(Gymnocarpium continentale × dryopteris)
östbräken × kalkbräken	(Gymnocarpium continentale × robertianum)
ekbräken × kalkbräken	(Gymnocarpium dryopteris × robertianum)

# Aspleniaceae
glansbräken		(Asplenium adiantum-nigrum)
brunbräken		(Asplenium adulterinum)
mjältbräken		(Asplenium ceterach)
havsbräken		(Asplenium marinum)
murruta			(Asplenium ruta-muraria)
hjorttunga		(Asplenium scolopendrium)
gaffelbräken		(Asplenium septentrionale)
svartbräken		(Asplenium trichomanes)
kalksvartbräken		(Asplenium trichomanes ssp. quadrivalens)
vanlig svartbräken	(Asplenium trichomanes ssp. trichomanes)
kalksvartbräken × vanlig svartbräken (Asplenium trichomanes ssp. quadrivalens × ssp. trichomanes)
grönbräken		(Asplenium viride)
brunbräken × svartbräken (Asplenium adulterinum × trichomanes)
brunbräken × kalksvartbräken (Asplenium adulterinum × trichomanes ssp. quadrivalens)
brunbräken × vanlig svartbräken (Asplenium adulterinum × trichomanes ssp. trichomanes)
brunbräken × grönbräken (Asplenium adulterinum × viride)
murruta × gaffelbräken	(Asplenium ruta-muraria × septentrionale)
gaffelbräken × svartbräken (Asplenium septentrionale × trichomanes)
gaffelbräken × kalksvartbräken (Asplenium septentrionale × trichomanes ssp. quadrivalens)
gaffelbräken × vanlig svartbräken (Asplenium septentrionale × trichomanes ssp. trichomanes)

# Thelypteridaceae
hultbräken		(Phegopteris connectilis)
bergbräken		(Thelypteris limbosperma)
kärrbräken		(Thelypteris palustris)

# Woodsiaceae
fjällhällebräken	(Woodsia alpina)
dvärghällebräken	(Woodsia glabella)
hällebräken		(Woodsia ilvensis)
fjällhällebräken × dvärghällebräken (Woodsia alpina × glabella)
fjällhällebräken × hällebräken (Woodsia alpina × ilvensis)
dvärghällebräken × hällebräken (Woodsia glabella × ilvensis)

# Onocleaceae
strutbräken		(Matteuccia struthiopteris)
pärlbräken		(Onoclea sensibilis)

# Blechnaceae
kambräken		(Blechnum spicant)
källkambräken		(Blechnum spicant var. fallax)
vanlig kambräken	(Blechnum spicant var. spicant)
dvärgbräken		(Blechnum penna-marina)

# Athyriaceae
fjällbräken		(Athyrium distentifolium)
majbräken		(Athyrium filix-femina)
ryssbräken		(Diplazium sibiricum)

# Dryopteridaceae
raggträjon		(Dryopteris affinis)
äkta raggträjon		(Dryopteris affinis ssp. affinis)
borrerträjon		(Dryopteris affinis ssp. borreri)
smalträjon		(Dryopteris affinis ssp. cambrensis)
blekträjon		(Dryopteris affinis ssp. pseudodisjuncta)
skogsbräken		(Dryopteris carthusiana)
granbräken		(Dryopteris cristata)
lundbräken		(Dryopteris dilatata)
nordbräken		(Dryopteris expansa)
vanlig nordbräken	(Dryopteris expansa var. expansa)
lidbräken		(Dryopteris expansa var. willeana)
träjon			(Dryopteris filix-mas)
doftbräken		(Dryopteris fragrans)
raggträjon × träjon	(Dryopteris affinis × filix-mas)
skogsbräken × granbräken (Dryopteris carthusiana × cristata)
skogsbräken × lundbräken (Dryopteris carthusiana × dilatata)
skogsbräken × nordbräken (Dryopteris carthusiana × expansa)
skogsbräken × träjon	(Dryopteris carthusiana × filix-mas)
lundbräken × nordbräken (Dryopteris dilatata × expansa)
lundbräken × träjon	(Dryopteris dilatata × filix-mas)
nordbräken × träjon	(Dryopteris expansa × filix-mas)
uddbräken		(Polystichum aculeatum)
skuggbräken		(Polystichum braunii)
taggbräken		(Polystichum lonchitis)
spetsbräken		(Polystichum setiferum)
uddbräken × skuggbräken (Polystichum aculeatum × braunii)
uddbräken × taggbräken	(Polystichum aculeatum × lonchitis)

# Nephrolepidaceae
fjäderbräken		(Nephrolepis cordifolia)

# Polypodiaceae
sydstensöta		(Polypodium cambricum)
dansk stensöta		(Polypodium interjectum)
stensöta		(Polypodium vulgare)
dansk stensöta × stensöta (Polypodium interjectum × vulgare)

# Ginkgoaceae
ginkgo			(Ginkgo biloba)

# Pinaceae
silvergran		(Abies alba)
balsamgran		(Abies balsamea)
grekgran		(Abies cephalonica)
shensigran		(Abies chensiensis)
coloradogran		(Abies concolor)
-			(Abies forrestii)
-			(Abies forrestii var. smithii)
kustgran		(Abies grandis)
ussurigran		(Abies holophylla)
nikkogran		(Abies homolepis)
koreagran		(Abies koreana)
berggran		(Abies lasiocarpa)
oregongran		(Abies lowiana)
nordmannsgran		(Abies nordmanniana)
bornmüllergran		(Abies nordmanniana ssp. equi-trojani)
vanlig nordmannsgran	(Abies nordmanniana ssp. nordmanniana)
pindrowgran		(Abies pindrow)
spanskgran		(Abies pinsapo)
kaskadgran		(Abies procera)
pichtagran		(Abies sibirica)
fujigran		(Abies veitchii)
silvergran × coloradogran (Abies alba × concolor)
balsamgran × pichtagran (Abies balsamea × sibirica)
lärk			(Larix decidua)
europeisk lärk		(Larix decidua ssp. decidua)
polsk lärk		(Larix decidua ssp. polonica)
dahurlärk		(Larix gmelinii)
äkta dahurlärk		(Larix gmelinii var. gmelinii)
kurilerlärk		(Larix gmelinii var. japonica)
ussurilärk		(Larix gmelinii var. olgensis)
prinslärk		(Larix gmelinii var. principis-rupprechtii)
japansk lärk		(Larix kaempferi)
kanadalärk		(Larix laricina)
hybridlärk		(Larix × marschlinsii)
sibirisk lärk		(Larix sibirica)
gran			(Picea abies)
vanlig gran		(Picea abies ssp. abies)
finngran		(Picea abies ssp. × fennica)
altaigran		(Picea abies ssp. obovata)
japansk gran		(Picea alcoquiana)
engelmannsgran		(Picea engelmannii)
vitgran			(Picea glauca)
albertagran		(Picea glauca ssp. albertiana)
vanlig vitgran		(Picea glauca ssp. glauca)
hybridgran		(Picea × lutzii)
svartgran		(Picea mariana)
serbgran		(Picea omorika)
orientgran		(Picea orientalis)
blågran			(Picea pungens)
sitkagran		(Picea sitchensis)
blågran × sitkagran	(Picea pungens × sitchensis)
rävsvanstall		(Pinus aristata)
banksianatall		(Pinus banksiana)
cembratall		(Pinus cembra)
äkta cembratall		(Pinus cembra ssp. cembra)
sibirisk cembratall	(Pinus cembra ssp. sibirica)
contortatall		(Pinus contorta)
-			(Pinus contorta ssp. contorta)
strandtall		(Pinus contorta var. contorta)
vanlig contortatall	(Pinus contorta var. latifolia)
murraytall		(Pinus contorta ssp. murrayana)
bergtall		(Pinus mugo)
vanlig bergtall		(Pinus mugo ssp. mugo)
alptall			(Pinus mugo ssp. × rotundata)
fransk bergtall		(Pinus mugo ssp. uncinata)
svarttall		(Pinus nigra)
korsikansk svarttall	(Pinus nigra var. corsicana)
vanlig svarttall	(Pinus nigra var. nigra)
makedonisk tall		(Pinus peuce)
gultall			(Pinus ponderosa)
styvbarrig tall		(Pinus rigida)
weymouthtall		(Pinus strobus)
tall			(Pinus sylvestris)
lapptall		(Pinus sylvestris var. lapponica)
vanlig tall		(Pinus sylvestris var. sylvestris)
himalayatall		(Pinus wallichiana)
bergtall × tall		(Pinus mugo × sylvestris)
douglasgran		(Pseudotsuga menziesii)
blå douglasgran		(Pseudotsuga menziesii ssp. glaucescens)
grön douglasgran	(Pseudotsuga menziesii ssp. menziesii)
hemlock			(Tsuga canadensis)
jättehemlock		(Tsuga heterophylla)
berghemlock		(Tsuga mertensiana)

# Sciadopityaceae
solfjädertall		(Sciadopitys verticillata)

# Cupressaceae
ädelcypress		(Chamaecyparis lawsoniana)
japansk ädelcypress	(Chamaecyparis obtusa)
ärtcypress		(Chamaecyparis pisifera)
kryptomeria		(Cryptomeria japonica)
nutkacypress		(Cupressus nootkatensis)
kinesisk en		(Juniperus chinensis)
amerikansk kryp-en	(Juniperus horizontalis)
en			(Juniperus communis)
vanlig en		(Juniperus communis var. communis)
fjäll-en		(Juniperus communis var. saxatilis)
trädgårdsen		(Juniperus × pfitzeriana)
japansk krypen		(Juniperus procumbens)
sävenbom		(Juniperus sabina)
röden			(Juniperus scopulorum)
himalayaen		(Juniperus squamata)
blyerts-en		(Juniperus virginiana)
sumpcypress		(Taxodium distichum)
hybridtuja		(Thuja 'Green Giant')
tuja			(Thuja occidentalis)
jättetuja		(Thuja plicata)
hiba			(Thujopsis dolabrata)

# Taxaceae
idegran			(Taxus baccata)
japansk idegran		(Taxus cuspidata)
hybrididegran		(Taxus × media)

# Acoraceae
kalmus			(Acorus calamus)

# Araceae
munkhätta		(Arum cylindraceum)
italiensk munkhätta	(Arum italicum)
fläckig munkhätta	(Arum maculatum)
munkhätta × fläckig munkhätta (Arum cylindraceum × maculatum)
missne			(Calla palustris)
taro			(Colocasia esculenta)
prickblad		(Dieffenbachia seguine)
drakkalla		(Dracunculus vulgaris)
gullranka		(Epipremnum aureum)
vingandmat		(Lemna aequinoctialis)
kupandmat		(Lemna gibba)
japansk andmat		(Lemna japonica)
andmat			(Lemna minor)
kölandmat		(Lemna minuta)
korsandmat		(Lemna trisulca)
röd andmat		(Lemna turionifera)
skunkkalla		(Lysichiton americanus)
vit skunkkalla		(Lysichiton camtschatcensis)
skunkkalla × vit skunkkalla (Lysichiton americanus × camtschatcensis)
guldkolv		(Orontium aquaticum)
pilkalla		(Peltandra virginica)
musselblomma		(Pistia stratiotes)
ödlekalla		(Sauromatum venosum)
prickandmat		(Spirodela oligorrhiza)
stor andmat		(Spirodela polyrhiza)
mellanandmat		(Spirodela punctata)
dvärgandmat		(Wolffia arrhiza)
garderobsblomma		(Zamioculcas zamiifolia)
prickkalla		(Zantedeschia albomaculata)
skär kalla		(Zantedeschia rehmannii)

# Aponogetonaceae
vattenax		(Aponogeton distachyos)

# Tofieldiaceae
kärrlilja		(Tofieldia calyculata)
björnbrodd		(Tofieldia pusilla)

# Alismataceae
grässvalting		(Alisma gramineum)
gotlandssvalting	(Alisma lanceolatum)
svalting		(Alisma plantago-aquatica)
småsvalting		(Alisma wahlenbergii)
gotlandssvalting × svalting (Alisma lanceolatum × plantago-aquatica)
flocksvalting		(Baldellia ranunculoides)
revsvalting		(Baldellia repens)
flytsvalting		(Luronium natans)
gräspilblad		(Sagittaria graminea)
bredpilblad		(Sagittaria latifolia)
trubbpilblad		(Sagittaria natans)
-			(Sagittaria rigida)
pilblad			(Sagittaria sagittifolia)
mellanpilblad		(Sagittaria natans × sagittifolia)

# Butomaceae
blomvass		(Butomus umbellatus)

# Hydrocharitaceae
stor vattenpest		(Egeria densa)
argentinsk vattenpest	(Elodea callitrichoides)
vattenpest		(Elodea canadensis)
smal vattenpest		(Elodea nuttallii)
vattenkrans		(Hydrilla verticillata)
dyblad			(Hydrocharis morsus-ranae)
afrikansk vattenpest	(Lagarosiphon major)
sjönajas		(Najas flexilis)
havsnajas		(Najas marina)
spädnajas		(Najas tenuissima)
vattenaloe		(Stratiotes aloides)

# Scheuchzeriaceae
kallgräs		(Scheuchzeria palustris)

# Juncaginaceae
havssälting		(Triglochin maritima)
kärrsälting		(Triglochin palustris)

# Zosteraceae
smal bandtång		(Zostera angustifolia)
bandtång		(Zostera marina)
dvärgbandtång		(Zostera noltii)

# Potamogetonaceae
tätnate			(Groenlandia densa)
spetsnate		(Potamogeton acutifolius)
rostnate		(Potamogeton alpinus)
gropnate		(Potamogeton berchtoldii)
källnate		(Potamogeton coloratus)
bandnate		(Potamogeton compressus)
krusnate		(Potamogeton crispus)
uddnate			(Potamogeton friesii)
gräsnate		(Potamogeton gramineus)
grovnate		(Potamogeton lucens)
gäddnate		(Potamogeton natans)
knutnate		(Potamogeton nodosus)
trubbnate		(Potamogeton obtusifolius)
ålnate			(Potamogeton perfoliatus)
bäcknate		(Potamogeton polygonifolius)
långnate		(Potamogeton praelongus)
spädnate		(Potamogeton pusillus)
styvnate		(Potamogeton rutilus)
knölnate		(Potamogeton trichoides)
spetsnate × gropnate	(Potamogeton acutifolius × berchtoldii)
spetsnate × bandnate	(Potamogeton acutifolius × compressus)
rostnate × krusnate	(Potamogeton alpinus × crispus)
rostnate × gräsnate	(Potamogeton alpinus × gramineus)
rostnate × gäddnate	(Potamogeton alpinus × natans)
rostnate × ålnate	(Potamogeton alpinus × perfoliatus)
rostnate × bäcknate	(Potamogeton alpinus × polygonifolius)
gropnate × bandnate	(Potamogeton berchtoldii × compressus)
gropnate × uddnate	(Potamogeton berchtoldii × friesii)
gropnate × trubbnate	(Potamogeton berchtoldii × obtusifolius)
gropnate × spädnate	(Potamogeton berchtoldii × pusillus)
gropnate × knölnate	(Potamogeton berchtoldii × trichoides)
källnate × gräsnate	(Potamogeton coloratus × gramineus)
bandnate × trubbnate	(Potamogeton compressus × obtusifolius)
bandnate × knölnate	(Potamogeton compressus × trichoides)
krusnate × ålnate	(Potamogeton crispus × perfoliatus)
krusnate × långnate	(Potamogeton crispus × praelongus)
uddnate × trubbnate	(Potamogeton friesii × obtusifolius)
uddnate × spädnate	(Potamogeton friesii × pusillus)
uddnate × knölnate	(Potamogeton friesii × trichoides)
gräsnate × grovnate	(Potamogeton gramineus × lucens)
trippelnate		(Potamogeton gramineus × lucens × perfoliatus)
gräsnate × grovnate × bäcknate (Potamogeton gramineus × lucens × polygonifolius)
gräsnate × gäddnate	(Potamogeton gramineus × natans)
gräsnate × knutnate	(Potamogeton gramineus × nodosus)
gräsnate × ålnate	(Potamogeton gramineus × perfoliatus)
gräsnate × bäcknate	(Potamogeton gramineus × polygonifolius)
gräsnate × långnate	(Potamogeton gramineus × praelongus)
grovnate × gäddnate	(Potamogeton lucens × natans)
grovnate × knutnate	(Potamogeton lucens × nodosus)
grovnate × ålnate	(Potamogeton lucens × perfoliatus)
grovnate × långnate	(Potamogeton lucens × praelongus)
gäddnate × ålnate	(Potamogeton natans × perfoliatus)
ålnate × långnate	(Potamogeton perfoliatus × praelongus)
spädnate × knölnate	(Potamogeton pusillus × trichoides)
trådnate		(Stuckenia filiformis)
borstnate		(Stuckenia pectinata)
slidnate		(Stuckenia vaginata)
trådnate × borstnate	(Stuckenia filiformis × pectinata)
trådnate × slidnate	(Stuckenia filiformis × vaginata)
borstnate × slidnate	(Stuckenia pectinata × vaginata)
storsärv		(Zannichellia major)
hårsärv			(Zannichellia palustris)
småsärv			(Zannichellia palustris var. palustris)
skaftsärv		(Zannichellia palustris var. pedicellata)

# Ruppiaceae
hårnating		(Ruppia maritima)
-			(Ruppia maritima var. brevirostris)
-			(Ruppia maritima var. maritima)
skruvnating		(Ruppia spiralis)
hårnating × skruvnating (Ruppia maritima × spiralis)

# Nartheciaceae
myrlilja		(Narthecium ossifragum)

# Dioscoreaceae
djävulsdruva		(Dioscorea communis)

# Melanthiaceae
ormbär			(Paris quadrifolia)
vitt treblad		(Trillium albidum)
jättetreblad		(Trillium chloropetalum)
purpurtreblad		(Trillium erectum)
stort treblad		(Trillium grandiflorum)
gult treblad		(Trillium luteum)
nysrot			(Veratrum album)
vit nysrot		(Veratrum album ssp. album)
grön nysrot		(Veratrum album ssp. lobelianum)
jättenysrot		(Veratrum californicum)
svart nysrot		(Veratrum nigrum)

# Alstroemeriaceae

# Colchicaceae
alptidlösa		(Colchicum alpinum)
tidlösa			(Colchicum autumnale)
stjärntidlösa		(Colchicum laetum)
prakttidlösa		(Colchicum speciosum)
tidlösa × prakttidlösa	(Colchicum autumnale × speciosum)

# Liliaceae
bronsfärgad hundtandslilja (Erythronium americanum)
hundtandslilja		(Erythronium dens-canis)
-			(Erythronium ´Pagoda´)
gul hundtandslijla	(Erythronium tuolumnense)
kejsarkrona		(Fritillaria imperialis)
kungsängslilja		(Fritillaria meleagris)
späd klocklilja		(Fritillaria montana)
-			(Gagea granulosa)
vårlök			(Gagea lutea)
dvärgvårlök		(Gagea minima)
pommersk vårlök		(Gagea pomeranica)
ängsvårlök		(Gagea pratensis)
lundvårlök		(Gagea spathacea)
luddvårlök		(Gagea villosa)
vårlök × ängsvårlök	(Gagea lutea × pratensis)
brandlilja		(Lilium bulbiferum)
vanlig brandlilja	(Lilium bulbiferum var. bulbiferum)
saffranslilja		(Lilium bulbiferum var. croceum)
kanadalilja		(Lilium canadense)
madonnalilja		(Lilium candidum)
flocklilja		(Lilium × hollandicum)
tigerlilja		(Lilium lancifolium)
mandarinlilja		(Lilium × marhan)
krollilja		(Lilium martagon)
mongollilja		(Lilium pensylvanicum)
pyreneisk lilja		(Lilium pyrenaicum)
kungslilja		(Lilium regale)
taiwanskugglilja	(Tricyrtis formosana)
-			(Tricyrtis formosana var. grandiflora)
tulpan			(Tulipa gesneriana)
strimtulpan		(Tulipa greigii)
näckrostulpan		(Tulipa kaufmanniana)
vildtulpan		(Tulipa sylvestris)
flocktulpan		(Tulipa tarda)
dvärgtulpan		(Tulipa turkestanica)

# Orchidaceae
göknycklar		(Anacamptis morio)
kärrnycklar		(Anacamptis palustris)
salepsrot		(Anacamptis pyramidalis)
norna			(Calypso bulbosa)
stor skogslilja		(Cephalanthera damasonium)
vit skogslilja		(Cephalanthera longifolia)
röd skogslilja		(Cephalanthera rubra)
stor skogslilja × vit skogslilja (Cephalanthera damasonium × longifolia)
hybridskogslilja	(Cephalanthera longifolia × rubra)
dvärgyxne		(Chamorchis alpina)
grönkulla		(Coeloglossum viride)
vanlig grönkulla	(Coeloglossum viride ssp. viride)
islandsgrönkulla	(Coeloglossum viride ssp. islandicum)
korallrot		(Corallorhiza trifida)
guckusko		(Cypripedium calceolus)
ängsnycklar		(Dactylorhiza incarnata)
-			(Dactylorhiza incarnata ssp. incarnata)
blodnycklar		(Dactylorhiza incarnata var. cruenta)
äkta ängsnycklar	(Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata)
vaxnycklar		(Dactylorhiza incarnata var. ochroleuca)
knubbnycklar		(Dactylorhiza incarnata ssp. lobelii)
fläcknycklar		(Dactylorhiza maculata)
skogsnycklar		(Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii)
Jungfru Marie nycklar	(Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata)
= jungfru marie nycklar
dubbelnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis)
baltnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. baltica)
thynycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. calcifugiens)
gotlandsnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. elatior)
englandsnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. integrata)
äkta englandsnycklar	(Dactylorhiza majalis var. integrata)
leopardnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis var. junialis)
sumpnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. lapponica)
= lappnycklar
majnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. majalis)
strandnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. purpurella)
fläckiga strandnycklar	(Dactylorhiza majalis var. cambrensis)
äkta strandnycklar	(Dactylorhiza majalis var. pulchella)
mossnycklar		(Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. sphagnicola)
majnycklar × äkta englandsnycklar (Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. majalis × ssp. integrata var. integrata)
majnycklar × äkta strandnycklar (Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. majalis × ssp. purpurella var. pulchella)
Adam och Eva		(Dactylorhiza sambucina)
ängsnycklar × fläcknycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata × maculata)
ängsnycklar × skogsnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata × maculata ssp. fuchsii)
ängsnycklar × Jungfru Marie nycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata × maculata ssp. maculata)
ängsnycklar × sumpnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata × majalis ssp. lapponica)
ängsnycklar × Adam och Eva (Dactylorhiza incarnata × sambucina)
blodnycklar × fläcknycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. cruenta × maculata)
blodnycklar × skogsnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. cruenta × maculata ssp. fuchsii)
blodnycklar × Jungfru Marie nycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. cruenta × maculata ssp. maculata)
blodnycklar × sumpnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. cruenta × majalis ssp. lapponica)
äkta ängsnycklar × fläcknycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × maculata)
hybridnycklar		(Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × maculata ssp. fuchsii)
äkta ängsnycklar × Jungfru Marie nycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × maculata ssp. maculata)
äkta ängsnycklar × englandsnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × majalis ssp. integrata)
äkta ängsnycklar × sumpnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × majalis ssp. lapponica)
äkta ängsnycklar × majnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × majalis ssp. majalis)
äkta ängsnycklar × mossnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × majalis ssp. sphagnicola)
äkta ängsnycklar × fläckiga strandnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × majalis var. cambrensis)
äkta ängsnycklar × äkta strandnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × majalis var. pulchella)
vaxnycklar × majnycklar (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. ochroleuca × majalis ssp. majalis)
fläcknycklar × sumpnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata × majalis ssp. lapponica)
skogsnycklar × gotlandsnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii × majalis ssp. elatior)
skogsnycklar × sumpnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii × majalis ssp. lapponica)
skogsnycklar × majnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii × majalis ssp. majalis)
skogsnycklar × mossnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii × majalis ssp. sphagnicola)
skogsnycklar × Adam och Eva (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii × sambucina)
Jungfru Marie nycklar × thynycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata × majalis ssp. calcifugiens)
Jungfru Marie nycklar × sumpnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata × majalis ssp. lapponica)
Jungfru Marie nycklar × majnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata × majalis ssp. majalis)
Jungfru Marie nycklar × mossnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata × majalis ssp. sphagnicola)
Jungfru Marie nycklar × fläckiga strandnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata × majalis var. cambrensis)
Jungfru Marie nycklar × äkta strandnycklar (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata × majalis var. pulchella)
purpurknipprot		(Epipactis atrorubens)
skogsknipprot		(Epipactis helleborine)
vanlig skogsknipprot	(Epipactis helleborine ssp. helleborine)
-			(Epipactis helleborine ssp. neerlandica)
dynknipprot		(Epipactis helleborine var. neerlandica)
skagenknipprot		(Epipactis helleborine var. renzii)
tallknipprot		(Epipactis helleborine ssp. orbicularis)
grön knipprot		(Epipactis leptochila)
kärrknipprot		(Epipactis palustris)
kal knipprot		(Epipactis phyllanthes)
sandknipprot		(Epipactis phyllanthes ssp. arenaria)
dansk knipprot		(Epipactis phyllanthes ssp. confusa)
engelsk knipprot	(Epipactis phyllanthes ssp. pendula)
mångblommig knipprot	(Epipactis purpurata)
purpurknipprot × skogsknipprot (Epipactis atrorubens × helleborine)
purpurknipprot × kärrknipprot (Epipactis atrorubens × palustris)
purpurknipprot × kal knipprot (Epipactis atrorubens × phyllanthes)
skogsknipprot × kal knipprot (Epipactis helleborine × phyllanthes)
skogsknipprot × mångblommig knipprot (Epipactis helleborine × purpurata)
grön knipprot × kal knipprot (Epipactis leptochila × phyllanthes)
skogsfru		(Epipogium aphyllum)
knärot			(Goodyera repens)
brudsporre		(Gymnadenia conopsea)
vanlig brudsporre	(Gymnadenia conopsea ssp. conopsea)
praktsporre		(Gymnadenia conopsea ssp. densiflora)
brunkulla		(Gymnadenia nigra)
luktsporre		(Gymnadenia odoratissima)
brudkulla		(Gymnadenia runei)
brudsporre × luktsporre (Gymnadenia conopsea × odoratissima)
myggblomster		(Hammarbya paludosa)
honungsblomster		(Herminium monorchis)
gulyxne			(Liparis loeselii)
knottblomster		(Malaxis monophyllos)
krutbrännare		(Neotinea ustulata)
spindelblomster		(Neottia cordata)
nästrot			(Neottia nidus-avis)
tvåblad			(Neottia ovata)
biblomster		(Ophrys apifera)
flugblomster		(Ophrys insectifera)
Sankt Pers nycklar	(Orchis mascula)
johannesnycklar		(Orchis militaris)
stornycklar		(Orchis purpurea)
alpnycklar		(Orchis spitzelii)
Sankt Pers nycklar × alpnycklar (Orchis mascula × spitzelii)
nattviol		(Platanthera bifolia)
= äkta nattviol
ängsnattviol		(Platanthera bifolia ssp. bifolia)
skogsnattviol		(Platanthera bifolia ssp. latiflora)
grönvit nattviol	(Platanthera chlorantha)
-			(Platanthera clavelata)
grönlandsyxne		(Platanthera hyperborea)
-			(Platanthera obtusata)
lappfela		(Platanthera obtusata ssp. oligantha)
= lappyxne
nattviol × grönvit nattviol (Platanthera bifolia × chlorantha)
ängsnattviol × grönvit nattviol (Platanthera bifolia ssp. bifolia × chlorantha)
skogsnattviol × grönvit nattviol (Platanthera bifolia ssp. latiflora × chlorantha)
vityxne			(Pseudorchis albida)
fjällyxne		(Pseudorchis straminea)
-			(Spiranthes sinensis)
skruvax			(Spiranthes spiralis)
göknycklar × Sankt Pers nycklar (Anacamptis morio × Orchis mascula)
grönkulla × fläcknycklar (Coeloglossum viride × Dactylorhiza maculata)
grönkulla × skogsnycklar (Coeloglossum viride × Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii)
grönkulla × Jungfru Marie nycklar (Coeloglossum viride × Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata)
grönkulla × sumpnycklar (Coeloglossum viride × Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. lapponica)
grönkulla × grönvit nattviol (Coeloglossum viride × Platanthera chlorantha)
ängsnycklar × brudsporre (Dactylorhiza incarnata × Gymnadenia conopsea)
blodnycklar × brudsporre (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. cruenta × Gymnadenia conopsea)
äkta ängsnycklar × brudsporre (Dactylorhiza incarnata var. incarnata × Gymnadenia conopsea)
fläcknycklar × brudsporre (Dactylorhiza maculata × Gymnadenia conopsea)
skogsnycklar × brudsporre (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii × Gymnadenia conopsea)
skogsnycklar × luktsporre (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. fuchsii × Gymnadenia odoratissima)
Jungfru Marie nycklar × brudsporre (Dactylorhiza maculata ssp. maculata × Gymnadenia conopsea)
sumpnycklar × brudsporre (Dactylorhiza majalis ssp. lapponica × Gymnadenia conopsea)
brudsporre × nattviol	(Gymnadenia conopsea × Platanthera bifolia)
brudsporre × vityxne	(Gymnadenia conopsea × Pseudorchis albida)
brudsporre × fjällyxne	(Gymnadenia conopsea × Pseudorchis straminea)

# Ixioliriaceae
berglilja		(Ixiolirion tataricum)

# Iridaceae
montbretia		(Crocosmia × crocosmiiflora)
blå bägarkrokus		(Crocus biflorus)
strimkrokus		(Crocus angustifolius)
bägarkrokus		(Crocus chrysanthus)
toscanakrokus		(Crocus etruscus)
hybridbägarkrokus	(Crocus × hybridus)
septemberkrokus		(Crocus kotschyanus)
krypkrokus		(Crocus nudiflorus)
grekisk krokus		(Crocus sieberi)
höstkrokus		(Crocus speciosus)
gullkrokus		(Crocus × stellaris)
snökrokus		(Crocus tommasinianus)
vårkrokus		(Crocus vernus)
doftlilja		(Gladiolus callianthus)
småblommig sabellilja	(Gladiolus communis)
gladiol			(Gladiolus × hortulanus)
rysk sabellilja		(Gladiolus imbricatus)
tidig sabellilja	(Gladiolus italicus)
kärrsabellilja		(Gladiolus palustris)
skomakariris		(Iris aphylla)
sammetsiris		(Iris chrysographes)
vintergäcksiris		(Iris danfordiae)
stor strandiris		(Iris delavayi)
trädgårdsiris		(Iris germanica)
gräsiris		(Iris graminea)
holländsk iris		(Iris × hollandica)
engelsk iris		(Iris latifolia)
gullbandsiris		(Iris orientalis)
silveriris		(Iris pallida)
svärdslilja		(Iris pseudacorus)
= gul svärdslilja
dvärgiris		(Iris pumila)
våriris			(Iris reticulata)
fläderiris		(Iris × sambucina)
violiris		(Iris sanguinea)
tuviris			(Iris setosa)
strandiris		(Iris sibirica)
dansk iris		(Iris spuria)
skäggiris		(Iris variegata)
brokiris		(Iris versicolor)
svärdslilja × brokiris	(Iris pseudacorus × versicolor)
-			(Libertia chilensis)
gräslilja		(Sisyrinchium montanum)
gul gräslilja		(Sisyrinchium californicum)
späd gräslilja		(Sisyrinchium rosulatum)

# Xanthorrhoeaceae
äkta aloe		(Aloë vera)
junkerlilja		(Asphodeline lutea)
afodill			(Asphodelus albus)
pip-afodill		(Asphodelus fistulosus)
bulbine			(Bulbine semibarbata)
blekgul daglilja	(Hemerocallis citrina)
tuvdaglilja		(Hemerocallis dumortieri)
brunröd daglilja	(Hemerocallis fulva)
gul daglilja		(Hemerocallis lilioasphodelus)
blek fackellilja	(Kniphofia gracilis)
fackellilja		(Kniphofia uvaria)
nyzeeländskt lin	(Phormium tenax)

# Amaryllidaceae
goliatlök		(Allium altissimum)
purjolök		(Allium ampeloprasum)
-			(Allium ampeloprasum var. porrum)
rysslök			(Allium angulosum)
vinlök			(Allium atropurpureum)
azurlök			(Allium caeruleum)
rosenlök		(Allium carinatum)
lök			(Allium cepa)
matlök			(Allium cepa var. cepa)
prärielök		(Allium cernuum)
stäpplök		(Allium cristophii)
piplök			(Allium fistulosum)
dagglök			(Allium flavum)
jättelök		(Allium giganteum)
purpurlök		(Allium hollandicum)
altailök		(Allium hymenorhizum)
boll-lök		(Allium karataviense)
klipplök		(Allium lineare)
kantlök			(Allium lusitanicum)
guldlök			(Allium moly)
backlök			(Allium oleraceum)
berglök			(Allium oreophilum)
snödroppslök		(Allium paradoxum)
luftlök			(Allium × proliferum)
doftlök			(Allium ramosum)
kvicklök		(Allium roseum)
rundlök			(Allium rotundum)
vitlök			(Allium sativum)
gräslök			(Allium schoenoprasum)
-			(Allium schoenoprasum ssp. schoenoprasum)
alvargräslök		(Allium schoenoprasum var. alvarense)
skärgårdsgräslök	(Allium schoenoprasum var. jurmoënse)
trädgårdsgräslök	(Allium schoenoprasum var. schoenoprasum)
jättegräslök		(Allium schoenoprasum ssp. sibiricum)
skogslök		(Allium scorodoprasum)
honungslök		(Allium siculum)
klotlök			(Allium sphaerocephalon)
sloklök			(Allium triquetrum)
kinesisk gräslök	(Allium tuberosum)
ramslök			(Allium ursinum)
segerlök		(Allium victorialis)
sandlök			(Allium vineale)
purpursandlök		(Allium vineale var. purpureum)
blek sandlök		(Allium vineale var. vineale)
majlök			(Allium zebdanense)
mönjelilja		(Clivia miniata)
kaukasisk snödroppe	(Galanthus caucasicus)
turkisk snödroppe	(Galanthus elwesii)
libanesisk snödroppe	(Galanthus fosteri)
grekisk snödroppe	(Galanthus ikariae)
snödroppe		(Galanthus nivalis)
veckad snödroppe	(Galanthus plicatus)
hybridsnödroppe		(Galanthus × valentinei)
grön snödroppe		(Galanthus woronowii)
turkisk snödroppe × snödroppe (Galanthus elwesii × nivalis)
amaryllis		(Hippeastrum × hortorum)
vårlilja		(Ipheion uniflorum)
sommarsnöklocka		(Leucojum aestivum)
snöklocka		(Leucojum vernum)
karpatersnöklocka	(Leucojum vernum var. carpathicum)
vanlig snöklocka	(Leucojum vernum var. vernum)
cyklamennarciss		(Narcissus cyclamineus)
tätatät			(Narcissus × cyclazetta)
stjärnnarciss		(Narcissus × incomparabilis)
jonkvill		(Narcissus jonquilla)
bukettnarciss		(Narcissus × medioluteus)
snönarciss		(Narcissus minor)
campernell-jonkvill	(Narcissus × odorus)
pingstlilja		(Narcissus poëticus)
påsklilja		(Narcissus pseudonarcissus)
stor påsklilja		(Narcissus pseudonarcissus ssp. major)
-			(Narcissus pseudonarcissus ssp. pseudonarcissus)
fylld påsklilja		(Narcissus pseudonarcissus var. plenus)
liten påsklilja		(Narcissus pseudonarcissus var. pseudonarcissus)
tazett			(Narcissus tazetta)
änglatårar		(Narcissus triandrus)
cyklamennarciss × påsklilja (Narcissus cyclamineus × pseudonarcissus)
vaniljlök		(Nothoscordum borbonicum)

# Asparagaceae
stor sandlilja		(Anthericum liliago)
liten sandlilja		(Anthericum ramosum)
hybridsandlilja		(Anthericum liliago × ramosum)
natalsparris		(Asparagus densiflorus)
klättersparris		(Asparagus falcatus)
sparris			(Asparagus officinalis)
blek stjärnhyacint	(Camassia cusickii)
-			(Camassia leichtlinii)
vit stjärnhyacint	(Camassia leichtlinii ssp. leichtlinii)
mörk stjärnhyacint	(Camassia leichtlinii ssp. suksdorfii)
ätlig stjärnhyacint	(Camassia quamash)
ampellilja		(Chlorophytum comosum)
liljekonvalj		(Convallaria majalis)
= liljekonvalje
= konvalj
syddracena		(Cordyline australis)
doftdracena		(Dracaena fragrans)
kantdracena		(Dracaena marginata)
tofslilja		(Eucomis comosa)
kaphyacint		(Galtonia candicans)
gravfunkia		(Hosta crispula)
blomsterfunkia		(Hosta fortunei)
pyttefunkia		(Hosta minor)
höstfunkia		(Hosta lancifolia)
-			(Hosta nigrescens)
doftfunkia		(Hosta plantaginea)
styvfunkia		(Hosta rectifolia)
daggfunkia		(Hosta sieboldiana)
brokfunkia		(Hosta undulata)
klockfunkia		(Hosta ventricosa)
spansk klockhyacint	(Hyacinthoides hispanica)
italiensk blåstjärna	(Hyacinthoides italica)
hybridklockhyacint	(Hyacinthoides × massartiana)
engelsk klockhyacint	(Hyacinthoides non-scripta)
hyacint			(Hyacinthus orientalis)
ekorrbär		(Maianthemum bifolium)
kanadensiskt ekorrbär	(Maianthemum canadense)
vipprams		(Maianthemum racemosum)
stjärnrams		(Maianthemum stellatum)
armenisk pärlhyacint	(Muscari armeniacum)
dvärghyacint		(Muscari azureum)
pärlhyacint		(Muscari botryoides)
fjäderhyacint		(Muscari comosum)
bredbladig pärlhyacint	(Muscari latifolium)
mörk pärlhyacint	(Muscari neglectum)
skymningsstjärna	(Ornithogalum boucheanum)
spärrmorgonstjärna	(Ornithogalum divergens)
fransk stjärnlök	(Ornithogalum narbonense)
aftonstjärna		(Ornithogalum nutans)
turkisk stjärnlök	(Ornithogalum oligophyllum)
ungersk stjärnlök	(Ornithogalum pyramidale)
spansk stjärnlök	(Ornithogalum pyrenaicum)
morgonstjärna		(Ornithogalum umbellatum)
tuvig blåstjärna	(Othocallis amoena)
persisk blåstjärna	(Othocallis mischtschenkoana)
rysk blåstjärna		(Othocallis siberica)
bredrams		(Polygonatum hirtum)
storrams		(Polygonatum multiflorum)
getrams			(Polygonatum odoratum)
kransrams		(Polygonatum verticillatum)
jätterams		(Polygonatum multiflorum × odoratum)
storrams × kransrams	(Polygonatum multiflorum × verticillatum)
porslinshyacint		(Puschkinia scilloides)
stickmyrten		(Ruscus aculeatus)
svärmorstunga		(Sansevieria trifasciata)
hybridvårstjärna	(Scilla × allenii)
tidig blåstjärna	(Scilla bifolia)
vårstjärna		(Scilla forbesii)
stor vårstjärna		(Scilla luciliae)
liten vårstjärna	(Scilla sardensis)
vårstjärna × stor vårstjärna (Scilla forbesii × luciliae)
vårstjärna × liten vårstjärna (Scilla forbesii × sardensis)
skruvrams		(Streptopus amplexifolius)
norsk blåstjärna	(Tractema verna)
blå bukettlilja		(Triteleia laxa)
jättepalmlilja		(Yucca elephantipes)
fiberpalmlilja		(Yucca filamentosa)
palmlilja		(Yucca gloriosa)

# Arecaceae
kokospalm		(Cocos nucifera)
dadelpalm		(Phoenix dactylifera)

# Commelinaceae
sköldpaddstuva		(Callisia repens)
amerikansk himmelsblomma (Commelina caroliniana)
liten himmelsblomma	(Commelina communis)
smal himmelsblomma	(Commelina subulata)
himmelsblomma		(Commelina tuberosa)
änketårar		(Tinantia erecta)
klibbhårig båtblomma	(Tradescantia bracteata)
vandrande jude		(Tradescantia fluminensis)
purpurblad		(Tradescantia pallida)
blomstervagga		(Tradescantia spathacea)
tremastarblomma		(Tradescantia virginiana)

# Pontederiaceae
vattenhyacint		(Eichhornia crassipes)
pontederia		(Pontederia cordata)

# Musaceae
ädelbanan		(Musa acuminata)

# Cannaceae
kanna			(Canna × generalis)

# Marantaceae
karmintopp		(Stromanthe thalia)

# Zingiberaceae
doftviska		(Hedychium coronarium)
kanonviska		(Hedychium gardnerianum)
ingefära		(Zingiber officinale)

# Typhaceae
plattbladig igelknopp	(Sparganium angustifolium)
gles igelknopp		(Sparganium emersum)
= igelknopp
storigelknopp		(Sparganium erectum)
= stor igelknopp
sotigelknopp		(Sparganium erectum ssp. erectum)
vanlig storigelknopp	(Sparganium erectum ssp. microcarpum)
glansigelknopp		(Sparganium erectum ssp. neglectum)
klotigelknopp		(Sparganium erectum ssp. oocarpum)
sotigelknopp × vanlig storigelknopp (Sparganium erectum ssp. erectum × ssp. microcarpum)
vanlig storigelknopp × glansigelknopp (Sparganium erectum ssp. microcarpum × ssp. neglectum)
gyttrad igelknopp	(Sparganium glomeratum)
flotagräs		(Sparganium gramineum)
fjälligelknopp		(Sparganium hyperboreum)
dvärgigelknopp		(Sparganium natans)
plattbladig igelknopp × gles igelknopp (Sparganium angustifolium × emersum)
plattbladig igelknopp × gyttrad igelknopp (Sparganium angustifolium × glomeratum)
plattbladig igelknopp × flotagräs (Sparganium angustifolium × gramineum)
plattbladig igelknopp × fjälligelknopp (Sparganium angustifolium × hyperboreum)
plattbladig igelknopp × dvärgigelknopp (Sparganium angustifolium × natans)
gles igelknopp × storigelknopp (Sparganium emersum × erectum)
gles igelknopp × gyttrad igelknopp (Sparganium emersum × glomeratum)
gles igelknopp × flotagräs (Sparganium emersum × gramineum)
gles igelknopp × fjälligelknopp (Sparganium emersum × hyperboreum)
gles igelknopp × dvärgigelknopp (Sparganium emersum × natans)
gyttrad igelknopp × dvärgigelknopp (Sparganium glomeratum × natans)
flotagräs × dvärgigelknopp (Sparganium gramineum × natans)
fjälligelknopp × dvärgigelknopp (Sparganium hyperboreum × natans)
smalkaveldun		(Typha angustifolia)
bredkaveldun		(Typha latifolia)
= kaveldun
kanelkaveldun		(Typha laxmannii)
smalkaveldun × bredkaveldun (Typha angustifolia × latifolia)
bredkaveldun × kanelkaveldun (Typha latifolia × laxmannii)

# Juncaceae
spetståg		(Juncus acutiflorus)
myrtåg			(Juncus alpinoarticulatus)
nordtåg			(Juncus alpinoarticulatus ssp. alpestris)
torvtåg			(Juncus alpinoarticulatus ssp. alpinoarticulatus)
rysståg			(Juncus alpinoarticulatus ssp. fischerianus)
vanlig myrtåg		(Juncus alpinoarticulatus ssp. rariflorus)
svarttåg		(Juncus anceps)
fjälltåg		(Juncus arcticus)
ryltåg			(Juncus articulatus)
vanlig ryltåg		(Juncus articulatus var. articulatus)
stortåg			(Juncus articulatus var. hylandri)
-			(Juncus articulatus var. lindhardii)
östersjötåg		(Juncus balticus)
polartåg		(Juncus biglumis)
vägtåg			(Juncus bufonius)
löktåg			(Juncus bulbosus)
vanlig löktåg		(Juncus bulbosus ssp. bulbosus)
atlanttåg		(Juncus bulbosus ssp. kochii)
huvudtåg		(Juncus capitatus)
bruntåg			(Juncus castaneus)
mörk bruntåg		(Juncus castaneus ssp. castaneus)
ljus bruntåg		(Juncus castaneus ssp. leucochlamys)
stubbtåg		(Juncus compressus)
knapptåg		(Juncus conglomeratus)
veketåg			(Juncus effusus)
svärdtåg		(Juncus ensifolius)
trådtåg			(Juncus filiformis)
strimtåg		(Juncus foliosus)
salttåg			(Juncus gerardii)
ishavståg		(Juncus gerardii ssp. atrofuscus)
vanligt salttåg		(Juncus gerardii ssp. gerardii)
blåtåg			(Juncus inflexus)
strandtåg		(Juncus maritimus)
pysslingtåg		(Juncus minutulus)
-			(Juncus planifolius)
dvärgtåg		(Juncus pygmaeus)
grodtåg			(Juncus ranarius)
borsttåg		(Juncus squarrosus)
dytåg			(Juncus stygius)
trubbtåg		(Juncus subnodulosus)
syltåg			(Juncus tenuis)
klynnetåg		(Juncus trifidus)
lapptåg			(Juncus triglumis)
blektåg			(Juncus triglumis ssp. albescens)
vanlig lapptåg		(Juncus triglumis ssp. triglumis)
spetståg × ryltåg	(Juncus acutiflorus × articulatus)
myrtåg × ryltåg		(Juncus alpinoarticulatus × articulatus)
myrtåg × löktåg		(Juncus alpinoarticulatus × bulbosus)
torvtåg × svarttåg	(Juncus alpinoarticulatus ssp. alpinoarticulatus × anceps)
torvtåg × ryltåg	(Juncus alpinoarticulatus ssp. alpinoarticulatus × articulatus)
vanlig myrtåg × ryltåg	(Juncus alpinoarticulatus ssp. rariflorus × articulatus)
svarttåg × ryltåg	(Juncus anceps × articulatus)
ryltåg × löktåg		(Juncus articulatus × bulbosus)
mellantåg		(Juncus arcticus × balticus)
fjälltåg × trådtåg	(Juncus arcticus × filiformis)
östersjötåg × trådtåg	(Juncus balticus × filiformis)
vägtåg × pysslingtåg	(Juncus bufonius × minutulus)
stubbtåg × salttåg	(Juncus compressus × gerardii)
knapptåg × veketåg	(Juncus conglomeratus × effusus)
knapptåg × blåtåg	(Juncus conglomeratus × inflexus)
veketåg × blåtåg	(Juncus effusus × inflexus)
bågfryle		(Luzula arcuata)
knippfryle		(Luzula campestris)
polarfryle		(Luzula confusa)
hedfryle		(Luzula congesta)
backfryle		(Luzula divulgata)
parkfryle		(Luzula forsteri)
vitfryle		(Luzula luzuloides)
ängsfryle		(Luzula multiflora)
säterfryle		(Luzula multiflora ssp. frigida)
vanlig ängsfryle	(Luzula multiflora ssp. multiflora)
säterfryle × vanlig ängsfryle (Luzula multiflora ssp. frigida × ssp. multiflora)
snöfryle		(Luzula nivalis)
silverfryle		(Luzula nivea)
blekfryle		(Luzula pallescens)
vippfryle		(Luzula parviflora)
vårfryle		(Luzula pilosa)
axfryle			(Luzula spicata)
svartfryle		(Luzula sudetica)
storfryle		(Luzula sylvatica)
fjällfryle		(Luzula wahlenbergii)
bågfryle × polarfryle	(Luzula arcuata × confusa)
bågfryle × axfryle	(Luzula arcuata × spicata)
knippfryle × blekfryle	(Luzula campestris × pallescens)
knippfryle × svartfryle (Luzula campestris × sudetica)
hedfryle × vanlig ängsfryle (Luzula congesta × multiflora ssp. multiflora)
ängsfryle × blekfryle	(Luzula multiflora × pallescens)
säterfryle × axfryle	(Luzula multiflora ssp. frigida × spicata)
blekfryle × svartfryle	(Luzula pallescens × sudetica)

# Cyperaceae
plattsäv		(Blysmus compressus)
rödsäv			(Blysmus rufus)
havssäv			(Bolboschoenus maritimus)
-			(Bulbostylis capillaris)
vasstarr		(Carex acuta)
brunstarr		(Carex acutiformis)
strutstarr		(Carex alba)
tagelstarr		(Carex appropinquata)
norrlandsstarr		(Carex aquatilis)
vanlig norrlandsstarr	(Carex aquatilis ssp. aquatilis)
tundrastarr		(Carex aquatilis ssp. stans)
-			(Carex arctata)
renstarr		(Carex arctogena)
sandstarr		(Carex arenaria)
finnstarr		(Carex atherodes)
svartstarr		(Carex atrata)
svedstarr		(Carex atrofusca)
kanadastarr		(Carex bebbii)
brokstarr		(Carex bicolor)
styvstarr		(Carex bigelowii)
sibirisk styvstarr	(Carex bigelowii ssp. arctisibirica)
vanlig styvstarr	(Carex bigelowii ssp. rigida)
hedstarr		(Carex binervis)
svepestarr		(Carex bohemica)
kaninstarr		(Carex brevior)
darrgrässtarr		(Carex brizoides)
-			(Carex bromoides)
nickstarr		(Carex brunnescens)
hednickstarr		(Carex brunnescens var. brunnescens)
kärrnickstarr		(Carex brunnescens var. laetior)
klubbstarr		(Carex buxbaumii)
vanlig klubbstarr	(Carex buxbaumii ssp. buxbaumii)
fjällklubbstarr		(Carex buxbaumii ssp. mutica)
gråstarr		(Carex canescens)
vanlig gråstarr		(Carex canescens var. canescens)
grov gråstarr		(Carex canescens var. robustior)
hårstarr		(Carex capillaris)
äkta hårstarr		(Carex capillaris ssp. capillaris)
arktisk hårstarr	(Carex capillaris ssp. fuscidula)
huvudstarr		(Carex capitata)
vårstarr		(Carex caryophyllea)
tuvstarr		(Carex cespitosa)
strängstarr		(Carex chordorrhiza)
ölandsstarr		(Carex colchica)
-			(Carex communis)
crawfordstarr		(Carex crawfordii)
strävstarr		(Carex davalliana)
grönstarr		(Carex demissa)
-			(Carex deweyana)
trindstarr		(Carex diandra)
vanlig trindstarr	(Carex diandra var. diandra)
stor trindstarr		(Carex diandra var. major)
vispstarr		(Carex digitata)
nålstarr		(Carex dioica)
spädstarr		(Carex disperma)
glesstarr		(Carex distans)
plattstarr		(Carex disticha)
-			(Carex divulsa)
långstarr		(Carex divulsa ssp. leersii)
stjärnstarr		(Carex echinata)
bunkestarr		(Carex elata)
vanlig bunkestarr	(Carex elata ssp. elata)
omskstarr		(Carex elata ssp. omskiana)
rankstarr		(Carex elongata)
backstarr		(Carex ericetorum)
-			(Carex ericetorum var. attenuata)
-			(Carex ericetorum var. ericetorum)
segstarr		(Carex extensa)
slankstarr		(Carex flacca)
knagglestarr		(Carex flava)
-			(Carex fuliginosa)
sotstarr		(Carex fuliginosa ssp. misandra)
isstarr			(Carex glacialis)
klapperstarr		(Carex glareosa)
-			(Carex glareosa var. amphigena)
-			(Carex glareosa var. glareosa)
klotstarr		(Carex globularis)
spikklubbestarr		(Carex grayi)
österbottensstarr	(Carex halophila)
hartmansstarr		(Carex hartmanii)
myrstarr		(Carex heleonastes)
grusstarr		(Carex hirta)
kolstarr		(Carex holostoma)
ängsstarr		(Carex hostiana)
ålandsstarr		(Carex hostiana var. eckeroeënsis)
vanlig ängsstarr	(Carex hostiana var. hostiana)
indianstarr		(Carex intumescens)
finstarr		(Carex krausei)
ripstarr		(Carex lachenalii)
nordstarr		(Carex lapponica)
trådstarr		(Carex lasiocarpa)
slakstarr		(Carex laxa)
näbbstarr/jämtstarr	(Carex lepidocarpa)
jämtstarr		(Carex lepidocarpa ssp. jemtlandica)
näbbstarr		(Carex lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa)
-			(Carex lepidocarpa var. lepidocarpa)
-			(Carex lepidocarpa var. turgida)
harstarr		(Carex leporina)
dystarr			(Carex limosa)
vitstarr		(Carex livida)
repestarr		(Carex loliacea)
islandsstarr		(Carex lyngbyei)
norskstarr		(Carex mackenziei)
lämmelstarr		(Carex macloviana)
-			(Carex magellanica)
sumpstarr		(Carex magellanica ssp. irrigua)
-			(Carex marina)
stubbstarr		(Carex marina ssp. pseudolagopina)
bågstarr		(Carex maritima)
taigastarr		(Carex media)
-			(Carex melanostachya)
-			(Carex mertensii)
borststarr		(Carex microglochin)
lundstarr		(Carex montana)
japansk starr		(Carex morrowii)
mörk snårstarr		(Carex muricata)
palmstarr		(Carex muskingumensis)
staggstarr		(Carex nardina)
arktisk staggstarr	(Carex nardina ssp. hepburnii)
vanlig staggstarr	(Carex nardina ssp. nardina)
hundstarr		(Carex nigra)
styltstarr		(Carex nigra ssp. juncella)
vanlig hundstarr	(Carex nigra ssp. nigra)
liten hundstarr		(Carex nigra var. nigra)
tuvad hundstarr		(Carex nigra var. recta)
styltstarr × vanlig hundstarr (Carex nigra ssp. juncella × nigra ssp. nigra)
-			(Carex novae-angliae)
fjällstarr		(Carex norvegica)
trubbstarr		(Carex obtusata)
ärtstarr		(Carex oederi)
ävjestarr		(Carex oederi var. bergrothii)
vanlig ärtstarr		(Carex oederi var. oederi)
liten ärtstarr		(Carex oederi var. pulchella)
fågelstarr		(Carex ornithopoda)
blankstarr		(Carex otrubae)
siselstarr		(Carex pachystachya)
snårstarr		(Carex pairae)
strandstarr		(Carex paleacea)
blekstarr		(Carex pallescens)
åsstarr			(Carex pallidula)
hirsstarr		(Carex panicea)
vippstarr		(Carex paniculata)
lappstarr		(Carex parallela)
taggstarr		(Carex pauciflora)
-			(Carex pediformis)
frösöstarr		(Carex pediformis ssp. rhizodes)
hängstarr		(Carex pendula)
västlig hängstarr	(Carex pendula ssp. pendula)
östlig hängstarr	(Carex pendula ssp. agastachys)
fransstarr		(Carex pilosa)
pillerstarr		(Carex pilulifera)
rysstarr		(Carex praecox)
-			(Carex praticola)
slokstarr		(Carex pseudocyperus)
loppstarr		(Carex pulicaris)
prickstarr		(Carex punctata)
ramenskistarr		(Carex ramenskii)
myggstarr		(Carex rariflora)
skärmstarr		(Carex remota)
älvstarr		(Carex rhynchophysa)
jättestarr		(Carex riparia)
flaskstarr		(Carex rostrata)
mörk flaskstarr		(Carex rostrata var. borealis)
ljus flaskstarr		(Carex rostrata var. rostrata)
rundstarr		(Carex rotundata)
dvärgstarr		(Carex rufina)
klippstarr		(Carex rupestris)
finnmarksstarr		(Carex salina)
glansstarr		(Carex saxatilis)
arktisk glansstarr	(Carex saxatilis ssp. laxa)
vanlig glansstarr	(Carex saxatilis ssp. saxatilis)
grönlandsstarr		(Carex scirpoidea)
piggstarr		(Carex spicata)
gölstarr		(Carex stenolepis)
-			(Carex straminea)
smalaxstarr		(Carex strigosa)
stiftstarr		(Carex stylosa)
ishavsstarr		(Carex subspathacea)
skogsstarr		(Carex sylvatica)
-			(Carex tenera)
tågstarr		(Carex tenuiflora)
luddstarr		(Carex tomentosa)
kvaststarr		(Carex tribuloides)
klittstarr		(Carex trinervis)
björnstarr		(Carex ursina)
saltstarr		(Carex vacillans)
slidstarr		(Carex vaginata)
blåsstarr		(Carex vesicaria)
rävstarr		(Carex vulpina)
vasstarr × norrlandsstarr (Carex acuta × aquatilis)
vasstarr × styvstarr	(Carex acuta × bigelowii)
vasstarr × tuvstarr	(Carex acuta × cespitosa)
vasstarr × bunkestarr	(Carex acuta × elata)
vasstarr × österbottensstarr (Carex acuta × halophila)
vasstarr × hundstarr	(Carex acuta × nigra)
vasstarr × styltstarr	(Carex acuta × nigra ssp. juncella)
vasstarr × vanlig hundstarr (Carex acuta × nigra ssp. nigra)
vasstarr × strandstarr	(Carex acuta × paleacea)
vasstarr × saltstarr	(Carex acuta × vacillans)
brunstarr × jättestarr	(Carex acutiformis × riparia)
tagelstarr × gråstarr	(Carex appropinquata × canescens)
tagelstarr × trindstarr (Carex appropinquata × diandra)
tagelstarr × vippstarr	(Carex appropinquata ×	paniculata)
tagelstarr × skärmstarr (Carex appropinquata × remota)
norrlandsstarr × styvstarr (Carex aquatilis × bigelowii)
norrlandsstarr × tuvstarr (Carex aquatilis × cespitosa)
norrlandsstarr × bunkestarr (Carex aquatilis × elata)
norrlandsstarr × österbottensstarr (Carex aquatilis × halophila)
norrlandsstarr × hundstarr (Carex aquatilis × nigra)
norrlandsstarr × styltstarr (Carex aquatilis × nigra ssp. juncella)
norrlandsstarr × vanlig hundstarr (Carex aquatilis × nigra ssp. nigra)
norrlandsstarr × strandstarr (Carex aquatilis × paleacea)
norrlandsstarr × finnmarksstarr (Carex aquatilis × salina)
norrlandsstarr × saltstarr (Carex aquatilis × vacillans)
vanlig norrlandsstarr × ishavsstarr (Carex aquatilis ssp. aquatilis × subspathacea)
tundrastarr × ishavsstarr (Carex aquatilis ssp. stans × subspathacea)
sandstarr × ölandsstarr (Carex arenaria × colchica)
svartstarr × taigastarr (Carex atrata × media)
svartstarr × fjällstarr (Carex atrata × norvegica)
styvstarr × tuvstarr	(Carex bigelowii × cespitosa)
styvstarr × islandsstarr (Carex bigelowii × lyngbyei)
styvstarr × hundstarr	(Carex bigelowii × nigra)
styvstarr × styltstarr	(Carex bigelowii × nigra ssp. juncella)
styvstarr × vanlig hundstarr (Carex bigelowii × nigra ssp. nigra)
styvstarr × strandstarr (Carex bigelowii × paleacea)
styvstarr × dvärgstarr	(Carex bigelowii × rufina)
styvstarr × finnmarksstarr (Carex bigelowii × salina)
styvstarr × ishavsstarr (Carex bigelowii × subspathacea)
styvstarr × saltstarr	(Carex bigelowii × vacillans)
nickstarr × nålstarr	(Carex brunnescens × dioica)
nickstarr × ripstarr	(Carex brunnescens × lachenalii)
nickstarr × repestarr	(Carex brunnescens × loliacea)
nickstarr × lappstarr	(Carex brunnescens × parallela)
vanlig klubbstarr × hartmansstarr (Carex buxbaumii ssp. buxbaumii × hartmanii)
gråstarr × strängstarr	(Carex canescens × chordorrhiza)
gråstarr × trindstarr	(Carex canescens × diandra)
gråstarr × nålstarr	(Carex canescens × dioica)
gråstarr × spädstarr	(Carex canescens × disperma)
gråstarr × stjärnstarr	(Carex canescens × echinata)
gråstarr × klapperstarr (Carex canescens × glareosa)
gråstarr × myrstarr	(Carex canescens × heleonastes)
gråstarr × ripstarr	(Carex canescens × lachenalii)
gråstarr × nordstarr	(Carex canescens × lapponica)
gråstarr × repestarr	(Carex canescens × loliacea)
gråstarr × norskstarr	(Carex canescens × mackenziei)
gråstarr × vippstarr	(Carex canescens × paniculata)
gråstarr × skärmstarr	(Carex canescens × remota)
gråstarr × tågstarr	(Carex canescens × tenuiflora)
tuvstarr × bunkestarr	(Carex cespitosa × elata)
tuvstarr × hundstarr	(Carex cespitosa × nigra)
tuvstarr × styltstarr	(Carex cespitosa × nigra ssp. juncella)
tuvstarr × vanlig hundstarr (Carex cespitosa × nigra ssp. nigra)
tuvstarr × finnmarksstarr (Carex cespitosa × salina)
tuvstarr × saltstarr	(Carex cespitosa × vacillans)
strängstarr × nålstarr	(Carex chordorrhiza × dioica)
grönstarr × knagglestarr (Carex demissa × flava)
grönstarr × ängsstarr	(Carex demissa × hostiana)
grönstarr × jämtstarr	(Carex demissa × lepidocarpa ssp. jemtlandica)
grönstarr × näbbstarr	(Carex demissa × lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa)
grönstarr × ärtstarr	(Carex demissa × oederi)
grönstarr × ävjestarr	(Carex demissa × oederi var. bergrothii)
grönstarr × vanlig ärtstarr (Carex demissa × oederi var. oederi)
grönstarr × liten ärtstarr (Carex demissa × oederi var. pulchella)
trindstarr × vippstarr	(Carex diandra × paniculata)
vispstarr × fågelstarr	(Carex digitata × ornithopoda)
trindstarr × åsstarr	(Carex digitata × pallidula)
trindstarr × frösöstarr (Carex digitata × pediformis)
nålstarr × stjärnstarr	(Carex dioica × echinata)
nålstarr × rankstarr	(Carex dioica × elongata)
nålstarr × klapperstarr (Carex dioica × glareosa)
nålstarr × myrstarr	(Carex dioica × heleonastes)
nålstarr × ripstarr	(Carex dioica × lachenalii)
nålstarr × repestarr	(Carex dioica × loliacea)
nålstarr × norskstarr	(Carex dioica × mackenziei)
nålstarr × bågstarr	(Carex dioica × maritima)
nålstarr × lappstarr	(Carex dioica × parallela)
nålstarr × tågstarr	(Carex dioica × tenuiflora)
glesstarr × segstarr	(Carex distans × extensa)
långstarr × snårstarr	(Carex divulsa × pairae)
bunkestarr × österbottensstarr (Carex elata × halophila)
bunkestarr × hundstarr	(Carex elata × nigra)
bunkestarr × vanlig hundstarr (Carex elata × nigra ssp. nigra)
bunkestarr × strandstarr (Carex elata × paleacea)
knagglestarr × ängsstarr (Carex flava × hostiana)
knagglestarr × jämtstarr (Carex flava × lepidocarpa ssp. jemtlandica)
knagglestarr × näbbstarr (Carex flava × lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa)
knagglestarr × ärtstarr (Carex flava × oederi)
knagglestarr × ävjestarr (Carex flava × oederi var. bergrothii)
knagglestarr × vanlig ärtstarr (Carex flava × oederi var. oederi)
knagglestarr × liten ärtstarr (Carex flava × oederi var. pulchella)
österbottensstarr × styltstarr (Carex halophila × nigra ssp. juncella)
österbottensstarr × vanlig hundstarr (Carex halophila × nigra ssp. nigra)
österbottensstarr × strandstarr (Carex halophila × paleacea)
österbottensstarr × finnmarksstarr (Carex halophila × salina)
österbottensstarr × ishavsstarr (Carex halophila × subspathacea)
grusstarr × flaskstarr	(Carex hirta × rostrata)
grusstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex hirta × vesicaria)
ängsstarr × jämtstarr	(Carex hostiana × lepidocarpa ssp. jemtlandica)
ängsstarr × näbbstarr	(Carex hostiana × lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa)
ängsstarr × ärtstarr	(Carex hostiana × oederi)
ängsstarr × ävjestarr	(Carex hostiana × oederi var. bergrothii)
ängsstarr × vanlig ärtstarr (Carex hostiana × oederi var. oederi)
ängsstarr × liten ärtstarr (Carex hostiana × oederi var. pulchella)
ripstarr × lämmelstarr	(Carex lachenalii × macloviana)
ripstarr × lappstarr	(Carex lachenalii × parallela)
trådstarr × jättestarr	(Carex lasiocarpa × riparia)
trådstarr × flaskstarr	(Carex lasiocarpa × rostrata)
trådstarr × rundstarr	(Carex lasiocarpa × rotundata)
trådstarr × glansstarr	(Carex lasiocarpa × saxatilis)
trådstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex lasiocarpa × vesicaria)
jämtstarr × ärtstarr	(Carex lepidocarpa ssp. jemtlandica × oederi)
jämtstarr × vanlig ärtstarr (Carex lepidocarpa ssp. jemtlandica × oederi var. oederi)
näbbstarr × ärtstarr	(Carex lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa × oederi)
näbbstarr × ävjestarr	(Carex lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa × oederi var. bergrothii)
näbbstarr × vanlig ärtstarr (Carex lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa × oederi var. oederi)
näbbstarr × liten ärtstarr (Carex lepidocarpa ssp. lepidocarpa × oederi var. pulchella)
dystarr × sumpstarr	(Carex limosa × magellanica)
dystarr × myggstarr	(Carex limosa × rariflora)
vitstarr × hirsstarr	(Carex livida × panicea)
vitstarr × slidstarr	(Carex livida × vaginata)
islandsstarr × hundstarr (Carex lyngbyei × nigra)
sumpstarr × myggstarr	(Carex magellanica × rariflora)
bågstarr × lappstarr	(Carex maritima × parallela)
styltstarr × strandstarr (Carex nigra ssp. juncella × paleacea)
styltstarr × dvärgstarr (Carex nigra ssp. juncella × rufina)
styltstarr × finnmarksstarr (Carex nigra ssp. juncella × salina)
styltstarr × ishavsstarr (Carex nigra ssp. juncella × subspathacea)
styltstarr × saltstarr	(Carex nigra ssp. juncella × vacillans)
vanlig hundstarr × strandstarr (Carex nigra ssp. nigra × paleacea)
vanlig hundstarr × dvärgstarr (Carex nigra ssp. nigra × rufina)
vanlig hundstarr × finnmarksstarr (Carex nigra ssp. nigra × salina)
vanlig hundstarr × ishavsstarr (Carex nigra ssp. nigra × subspathacea)
vanlig hundstarr × klittstarr (Carex nigra ssp. nigra × trinervis)
vanlig hundstarr × saltstarr (Carex nigra ssp. nigra × vacillans)
blankstarr × vippstarr	(Carex otrubae × paniculata)
snårstarr × piggstar	(Carex pairae × spicata)
strandstarr × finnmarksstarr (Carex paleacea × salina)
strandstarr × ishavsstarr (Carex paleacea × subspathacea)
strandstarr × saltstarr (Carex paleacea × vacillans)
hirsstarr × slidstarr	(Carex panicea × vaginata)
vippstarr × skärmstarr	(Carex paniculata × remota)
slokstarr × flaskstarr	(Carex pseudocyperus × rostrata)
slokstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex pseudocyperus × vesicaria)
älvstarr × flaskstarr	(Carex rhynchophysa × rostrata)
älvstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex rhynchophysa × vesicaria)
jättestarr × flaskstarr (Carex riparia × rostrata)
jättestarr × blåsstarr	(Carex riparia × vesicaria)
flaskstarr × rundstarr	(Carex rostrata × rotundata)
flaskstarr × glansstarr (Carex rostrata × saxatilis)
flaskstarr × gölstarr	(Carex rostrata × stenolepis)
flaskstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex rostrata × vesicaria)
rundstarr × glansstarr	(Carex rotundata × saxatilis)
rundstarr × gölstarr	(Carex rotundata × stenolepis)
rundstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex rotundata × vesicaria)
finnmarksstarr × ishavsstarr (Carex salina × subspathacea)
finnmarksstarr × saltstarr (Carex salina × vacillans)
glansstarr × gölstarr	(Carex saxatilis × stenolepis)
glansstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex saxatilis × vesicaria)
gölstarr × blåsstarr	(Carex stenolepis × vesicaria)
ag			(Cladium mariscus)
-			(Cyperus alternifolius)
parasollsäv		(Cyperus alternifolius ssp. flabelliformis)
= Cyperus involucratus
gytterag		(Cyperus congestus)
-			(Cyperus echinatus)
blekag			(Cyperus eragrostis)
jordmandel		(Cyperus esculentus)
dvärgag			(Cyperus fuscus)
bukettag		(Cyperus glaber)
-			(Cyperus iria)
dammag			(Cyperus longus)
bollag			(Cyperus reflexus)
bambuag			(Dulichium arundinaceum)
nålsäv			(Eleocharis acicularis)
norsksäv		(Eleocharis austriaca)
veksäv			(Eleocharis mamillata)
dysäv			(Eleocharis multicaulis)
knappsäv		(Eleocharis palustris)
nordknappsäv		(Eleocharis palustris ssp. palustris)
bottnisk knappsäv	(Eleocharis palustris var. lindbergii)
vanlig nordknappsäv	(Eleocharis palustris var. palustris)
sydknappsäv		(Eleocharis palustris ssp. waltersii)
dvärgsäv		(Eleocharis parvula)
tagelsäv		(Eleocharis quinqueflora)
agnsäv			(Eleocharis uniglumis)
alvaragnsäv		(Eleocharis uniglumis ssp. sterneri)
strandagnsäv		(Eleocharis uniglumis ssp. uniglumis)
bottnisk agnsäv		(Eleocharis uniglumis var. fennica)
arktisk agnsäv		(Eleocharis uniglumis var. septentrionalis)
vanlig agnsäv		(Eleocharis uniglumis var. uniglumis)
baltisk agnsäv		(Eleocharis uniglumis var. vestergrenii)
norsksäv × strandagnsäv (Eleocharis austriaca × uniglumis ssp. uniglumis)
veksäv × nordknappsäv	(Eleocharis mamillata × palustris ssp. palustris)
knappsäv × agnsäv	(Eleocharis palustris × uniglumis)
sydknappsäv × agnsäv	(Eleocharis palustris ssp. waltersii × uniglumis)
ängsull			(Eriophorum angustifolium)
vanlig ängsull		(Eriophorum angustifolium ssp. angustifolium)
mörk ängsull		(Eriophorum angustifolium ssp. triste)
myrull			(Eriophorum brachyantherum)
kärrull			(Eriophorum gracile)
gräsull			(Eriophorum latifolium)
lappull			(Eriophorum × medium)
rostull			(Eriophorum russeolum)
polarull		(Eriophorum scheuchzeri)
liten polarull		(Eriophorum scheuchzeri ssp. arcticum)
vanlig polarull		(Eriophorum scheuchzeri ssp. scheuchzeri)
tuvull			(Eriophorum vaginatum)
mörk ängsull × liten polarull (Eriophorum angustifolium ssp. triste × scheuchzeri ssp. arcticum)
myrull × tuvull		(Eriophorum brachyantherum × vaginatum)
-			(Fimbristylis autumnalis)
ampelsäv		(Isolepis cernua)
flytsäv			(Isolepis fluitans)
-			(Isolepis pseudosetacea)
borstsäv		(Isolepis setacea)
enaxig sävstarr		(Kobresia myosuroides)
fleraxig sävstarr	(Kobresia simpliciuscula)
kärrsävstarr		(Kobresia simpliciuscula ssp. simpliciuscula)
arktisk sävstarr	(Kobresia simpliciuscula ssp. subholarctica)
vitag			(Rhynchospora alba)
brunag			(Rhynchospora fusca)
säv			(Schoenoplectus lacustris)
blåsäv			(Schoenoplectus tabernaemontani)
säv × blåsäv		(Schoenoplectus lacustris × tabernaemontani)
axag			(Schoenus ferrugineus)
knappag			(Schoenus nigricans)
axag × knappag		(Schoenus ferrugineus × nigricans)
klotsäv			(Scirpoides holoschoenus)
-			(Scirpus atrovirens)
bågsäv			(Scirpus radicans)
skogssäv		(Scirpus sylvaticus)
snip			(Trichophorum alpinum)
tuvsäv			(Trichophorum cespitosum)
vanlig tuvsäv		(Trichophorum cespitosum ssp. cespitosum)
hedsäv			(Trichophorum cespitosum ssp. germanicum)
krypsäv			(Trichophorum pumilum)

# Poaceae
silvergräs		(Achnatherum calamagrostis)
-			(Aegilops crassa)
-			(Aegilops bicornis)
bockvete		(Aegilops cylindrica)
kort bockvete		(Aegilops geniculata)
borstbockvete		(Aegilops neglecta)
tandat bockvete		(Aegilops speltoides)
-			(Aegilops tauschii)
treuddigt borstvete	(Aegilops triuncialis)
persiskt bockvete	(Aegilops triuncialis var. persica)
-			(Aegilops triuncialis var. triuncialis)
-			(Aeluropus littoralis)
kamvete			(Agropyron cristatum)
äkta kamvete		(Agropyron cristatum ssp. cristatum)
glest kamvete		(Agropyron cristatum ssp. pectinatum)
-			(Agropyron dasyanthum)
plymven			(Agrostis avenacea)
brunven			(Agrostis canina)
rödven			(Agrostis capillaris)
spanskven		(Agrostis castellana)
köseven			(Agrostis clavata)
dikesven		(Agrostis exarata)
storven			(Agrostis gigantea)
-			(Agrostis gigantea var. dispar)
-			(Agrostis gigantea var. gigantea)
-			(Agrostis gigantea var. glaucescens)
-			(Agrostis gigantea var. repens)
afrikaven		(Agrostis lachnantha)
fjällven		(Agrostis mertensii)
slöjven			(Agrostis nebulosa)
blekven			(Agrostis pourretii)
kvarnven		(Agrostis scabra)
krypven			(Agrostis stolonifera)
spädven			(Agrostis tenerrima)
bergven			(Agrostis vinealis)
brunven × rödven	(Agrostis canina × capillaris)
brunven × storven	(Agrostis canina × gigantea)
brunven × krypven	(Agrostis canina × stolonifera)
rödven × köseven	(Agrostis capillaris × clavata)
rödven × storven	(Agrostis capillaris × gigantea)
rödven × krypven	(Agrostis capillaris × stolonifera)
rödven × bergven	(Agrostis capillaris × vinealis)
storven × krypven	(Agrostis gigantea × stolonifera)
fjällven × krypven	(Agrostis mertensii × stolonifera)
fjällven × bergven	(Agrostis mertensii × vinealis)
krypven × bergven	(Agrostis stolonifera × vinealis)
vittåtel		(Aira caryophyllea)
-			(Aira caryophyllea ssp. caryophyllea)
-			(Aira caryophyllea ssp. plesiantha)
fintåtel		(Aira elegantissima)
vårtåtel		(Aira praecox)
gulkavle		(Alopecurus aequalis)
svartkavle		(Alopecurus arundinaceus)
knölkavle		(Alopecurus bulbosus)
kärrkavle		(Alopecurus geniculatus)
-			(Alopecurus geniculatus var. bulbosus)
-			(Alopecurus geniculatus var. geniculatus)
polarkavle		(Alopecurus magellanicus)
renkavle		(Alopecurus myosuroides)
ängskavle		(Alopecurus pratensis)
fjällkavle		(Alopecurus pratensis ssp. alpestris)
vanlig ängskavle	(Alopecurus pratensis ssp. pratensis)
pöskavle		(Alopecurus rendlei)
gulkavle × svartkavle	(Alopecurus aequalis × arundinaceus)
gulkavle × kärrkavle	(Alopecurus aequalis × geniculatus)
gulkavle × ängskavle	(Alopecurus aequalis × pratensis)
svartkavle × kärrkavle	(Alopecurus arundinaceus × geniculatus)
svartkavle × ängskavle	(Alopecurus arundinaceus × pratensis)
kärrkavle × ängskavle	(Alopecurus geniculatus × pratensis)
sandrör			(Ammophila arenaria)
-			(Andropogon virginicus)
kalkongräs		(Andropogon gerardii)
fasanfjädergräs		(Anemanthele lessoniana)
-			(Anisantha diandra)
spansklosta		(Anisantha madritensis)
sticklosta		(Anisantha rigida)
tofslosta		(Anisantha rubens)
sandlosta		(Anisantha sterilis)
taklosta		(Anisantha tectorum)
spansklosta × sticklosta (Anisantha madritensis × rigida)
fransk vårbrodd		(Anthoxanthum aristatum)
nordvårbrodd		(Anthoxanthum nipponicum)
= fjällvårbrodd
sydvårbrodd		(Anthoxanthum odoratum)
= vårbrodd
tät vårbrodd		(Anthoxanthum ovatum)
fransk vårbrodd × sydvårbrodd (Anthoxanthum aristatum × odoratum)
nordvårbrodd × sydvårbrodd (Anthoxanthum nipponicum × odoratum)
alvarkösa		(Apera interrupta)
kösa			(Apera spica-venti)
ryssgräs		(Arctagrostis latifolia)
hänggräs		(Arctophila fulva)
tundrahänggräs		(Arctophila fulva var. fulva)
älvhänggräs		(Arctophila fulva var. pendulina)
knylhavre		(Arrhenatherum elatius)
pärlhavre		(Arrhenatherum elatius ssp. bulbosum)
vanlig knylhavre	(Arrhenatherum elatius ssp. elatius)
kängurugräs		(Austrodanthonia racemosa)
-			(Austrostipa aristiglumis)
-			(Austrostipa compressa)
-			(Austrostipa variabilis)
-			(Avellinia festucoides)
skägghavre		(Avena barbata)
småhavre		(Avena brevis)
rödhavre		(Avena byzantina)
flyghavre		(Avena fatua)
havre			(Avena sativa)
plymhavre		(Avena sativa var. contracta)
vanlig havre		(Avena sativa var. sativa)
storhavre		(Avena sterilis)
-			(Avena sterilis ssp. ludoviciana)
-			(Avena sterilis ssp. sterilis)
purrhavre		(Avena strigosa)
kruståtel		(Avenella flexuosa)
fjällkruståtel		(Avenella flexuosa ssp. corsica)
vanlig kruståtel	(Avenella flexuosa ssp. flexuosa)
ängshavre		(Avenula pratensis)
luddhavre		(Avenula pubescens)
ryskt radgräs		(Beckmannia eruciformis)
radgräs			(Beckmannia syzigachne)
-			(Bothriochloa pertusa)
knipphirs		(Brachiaria fasciculata)
-			(Brachiaria platyphylla)
grusskafting		(Brachypodium distachyon)
styvskafting		(Brachypodium phoenicoides)
backskafting		(Brachypodium pinnatum)
lundskafting		(Brachypodium sylvaticum)
italienskt darrgräs	(Briza maxima)
darrgräs		(Briza media)
dvärgdarrgräs		(Briza minor)
strävlosta		(Bromopsis benekenii)
franslosta		(Bromopsis ciliata)
fiberlosta		(Bromopsis condensata)
raklosta		(Bromopsis erecta)
foderlosta		(Bromopsis inermis)
bredlosta		(Bromopsis pubescens)
skugglosta		(Bromopsis ramosa)
rävlosta		(Bromus alopecuros)
renlosta		(Bromus arvensis)
-			(Bromus berteroanus)
-			(Bromus brachystachys)
darrgräslosta		(Bromus briziformis)
brinklosta		(Bromus commutatus)
-			(Bromus danthoniae)
luddlosta		(Bromus hordeaceus)
vanlig luddlosta	(Bromus hordeaceus ssp. hordeaceus)
båglosta		(Bromus hordeaceus ssp. molliformis)
falsk finlosta		(Bromus hordeaceus ssp. pseudothominei)
strandlosta		(Bromus hordeaceus ssp. thominei)
nervlosta		(Bromus intermedius)
kvarnlosta		(Bromus japonicus)
skruvlosta		(Bromus lanceolatus)
finlosta		(Bromus lepidus)
kamlosta		(Bromus pectinatus)
broklosta		(Bromus pictus)
spädlosta		(Bromus pseudosecalinus)
ängslosta		(Bromus racemosus)
kvastlosta		(Bromus scoparius)
råglosta		(Bromus secalinus)
spretlosta		(Bromus squarrosus)
renlosta × brinklosta	(Bromus arvensis × commutatus)
renlosta × ängslosta	(Bromus arvensis × racemosus)
brinklosta × vanlig luddlosta (Bromus commutatus × hordeaceus ssp. hordeaceus)
brinklosta × ängslosta	(Bromus commutatus × racemosus)
vanlig luddlosta × ängslosta (Bromus hordeaceus ssp. hordeaceus × racemosus)
piprör			(Calamagrostis arundinacea)
grenrör			(Calamagrostis canescens)
skogsrör		(Calamagrostis chalybaea)
bergrör			(Calamagrostis epigejos)
lapprör			(Calamagrostis lapponica)
vanligt lapprör		(Calamagrostis lapponica ssp. lapponica)
ryssrör			(Calamagrostis lapponica ssp. sibirica)
madrör			(Calamagrostis neglecta)
polarmadrör		(Calamagrostis neglecta ssp. groenlandica)
vanligt madrör		(Calamagrostis neglecta ssp. neglecta)
brunrör			(Calamagrostis phragmitoides)
-			(Calamagrostis purpurascens)
piggrör			(Calamagrostis varia)
piprör × grenrör	(Calamagrostis arundinacea × canescens)
tuvrör			(Calamagrostis arundinacea × epigejos)
piprör × madrör		(Calamagrostis arundinacea × neglecta)
grenrör × bergrör	(Calamagrostis canescens × epigejos)
ängsrör			(Calamagrostis canescens × neglecta)
bergrör × madrör	(Calamagrostis epigejos × neglecta)
källgräs		(Catabrosa aquatica)
styvgröe		(Catapodium rigidum)
tagghirs		(Cenchrus echinatus)
igelkottshirs		(Cenchrus incertus)
plattlosta		(Ceratochloa cathartica)
sloklosta		(Ceratochloa sitchensis)
-			(Chaetopogon fasciculatus)
australiskt kvastgräs	(Chloris divaricata)
-			(Chloris pycnothrix)
spretkvastgräs		(Chloris radiata)
-			(Chloris submutica)
kvastgräs		(Chloris truncata)
-			(Chloris ventricosa)
dunkvastgräs		(Chloris virgata)
sötgräs			(Cinna latifolia)
Jobs tårar		(Coix lacryma-jobi)
dvärggräs		(Coleanthus subtilis)
pampasgräs		(Cortaderia selloana)
-			(Cortaderia jubata)
borsttåtel		(Corynephorus canescens)
kurragömmagräs		(Crypsis aculeata)
tittutgräs		(Crypsis schoenoides)
hundtandsgräs		(Cynodon dactylon)
kamäxing		(Cynosurus cristatus)
taggäxing		(Cynosurus echinatus)
späd taggäxing		(Cynosurus elegans)
hundäxing		(Dactylis glomerata)
spansk hundäxing	(Dactylis hispanica)
lundäxing		(Dactylis polygama)
hundäxing × lundäxing	(Dactylis glomerata × polygama)
knapphirs		(Dactyloctenium aegyptium)
knägräs			(Danthonia decumbens)
penselråg		(Dasypyrum villosum)
fjälltåtel		(Deschampsia alpina)
beringtåtel		(Deschampsia beringensis)
gultåtel		(Deschampsia bottnica)
tuvtåtel		(Deschampsia cespitosa)
vanlig tuvtåtel		(Deschampsia cespitosa ssp. cespitosa)
älvtåtel		(Deschampsia cespitosa ssp. glauca)
sjötåtel		(Deschampsia setacea)
-			(Deschampsia sukatschewii)
tundratåtel		(Deschampsia sukatschewii ssp. borealis)
gultåtel × tuvtåtel	(Deschampsia bottnica × cespitosa)
abessinsk fingerhirs	(Digitaria abyssinica)
argentinsk fingerhirs	(Digitaria aequiglumis)
maskarensk fingerhirs	(Digitaria borbonica)
franshirs		(Digitaria ciliaris)
fingerhirs		(Digitaria ischaemum)
blodhirs		(Digitaria sanguinalis)
kamhirs			(Digitaria sanguinalis ssp. pectiniformis)
äkta blodhirs		(Digitaria sanguinalis ssp. sanguinalis)
-			(Digitaria violascens)
julgransgräs		(Dinebra retroflexa)
skogssvingel		(Drymochloa sylvatica)
isgräs			(Dupontia fisheri)
litet isgräs		(Dupontia fisheri ssp. fisheri)
stort isgräs		(Dupontia fisheri ssp. psilosantha)
kycklinghirs		(Echinochloa colona)
hönshirs		(Echinochloa crus-galli)
japansk hönshirs	(Echinochloa esculenta)
blek hönshirs		(Echinochloa frumentacea)
amerikansk hönshirs	(Echinochloa muricata)
borstig hönshirs	(Echinochloa stagnina)
-			(Ehrharta longiflora)
-			(Ehrharta calycina)
afrikansk gåshirs	(Eleusine africana)
korakan			(Eleusine coracana)
-			(Eleusine floccifolia)
gåshirs			(Eleusine indica)
amerikansk gåshirs	(Eleusine tristachya)
styvelm			(Elymus alopex)
kanadaelm		(Elymus canadensis)
lundelm			(Elymus caninus)
brantelm		(Elymus caninus var. behmii)
vanlig lundelm		(Elymus caninus var. caninus)
klarälvselm		(Elymus caninus var. muticus)
rysselm			(Elymus fibrosus)
fjällelm		(Elymus kronokensis)
isländsk fjällelm	(Elymus kronokensis ssp. borealis)
liten fjällelm		(Elymus kronokensis ssp. scandicus)
stor fjällelm		(Elymus kronokensis ssp. subalpinus)
-			(Elymus marginatus)
lappelm			(Elymus mutabilis)
-			(Elymus rectisetus)
-			(Elymus sibiricus)
indianelm/smalelm	(Elymus trachycaulus)
indianelm		(Elymus trachycaulus ssp. subsecundus)
smalelm			(Elymus trachycaulus ssp. trachycaulus)
-			(Elymus virginicus)
lundelm × rysselm	(Elymus caninus × fibrosus)
lundelm × fjällelm	(Elymus caninus × kronokensis)
lundelm × lappelm	(Elymus caninus × mutabilis)
klarälvselm × lappelm	(Elymus caninus var. muticus × mutabilis)
rysselm × lappelm	(Elymus fibrosus × mutabilis)
fjällelm × lappelm	(Elymus kronokensis × mutabilis)
styv kvickrot		(Elytrigia atherica)
blågrå kvickrot		(Elytrigia campestris)
-			(Elytrigia campestris ssp. maritima)
sträv kvickrot		(Elytrigia elongata)
trubbkvickrot		(Elytrigia intermedia)
strandkvickrot		(Elytrigia juncea)
-			(Elytrigia juncea ssp. boreoatlantica)
kvickrot		(Elytrigia repens)
-			(Elytrigia smithii)
styv kvickrot × strandkvickrot (Elytrigia atherica × juncea)
styv kvickrot × kvickrot (Elytrigia atherica × repens)
strandkvickrot × kvickrot (Elytrigia juncea × repens)
-			(Eragrostis aegyptiaca)
franskt kärleksgräs	(Eragrostis barrelieri)
-			(Eragrostis brownii)
stort kärleksgräs	(Eragrostis cilianensis)
-			(Eragrostis ciliaris)
afrikanskt kärleksgräs	(Eragrostis curvula)
mexikanskt kärleksgräs	(Eragrostis mexicana)
kärleksgräs		(Eragrostis minor)
-			(Eragrostis multicaulis)
-			(Eragrostis obtusa)
småblommigt kärleksgräs (Eragrostis parviflora)
-			(Eragrostis pectinata)
hårigt kärleksgräs	(Eragrostis pilosa)
teff			(Eragrostis tef)
argentinskt kärleksgräs (Eragrostis virescens)
spetsfjälligt eremitgröe (Eremopoa altaica)
-			(Eremopoa altaica ssp. oxyglumis)
eremitgröe		(Eremopoa persica)
hårigt dvärgvete	(Eremopyrum orientale)
dvärgvete		(Eremopyrum triticeum)
-			(Eriochloa contracta)
-			(Eriochloa procera)
-			(Eriochloa pseudoacrotricha)
-			(Eriochloa punctata)
-			(Eriochloa villosa)
bergbambu		(Fargesia murieliae)
glansbambu		(Fargesia spathacea)
styvsvingel		(Festuca abyssinica)
gråsvingel		(Festuca arenaria)
hårsvingel		(Festuca baffinensis)
bergsvingel		(Festuca brachyphylla)
hårdsvingel		(Festuca brevipila)
issvingel		(Festuca edlundiae)
finsvingel		(Festuca filiformis)
björnsvingel		(Festuca gautieri)
-			(Festuca gautieri ssp. scoparia)
skuggsvingel		(Festuca heterophylla)
polarsvingel		(Festuca hyperborea)
fårsvingel		(Festuca ovina)
sandsvingel		(Festuca polesica)
rödsvingel		(Festuca rubra)
fjällsvingel		(Festuca rubra ssp. arctica)
tuvsvingel		(Festuca rubra ssp. commutata)
daggsvingel		(Festuca rubra ssp. juncea)
marsksvingel		(Festuca rubra ssp. litoralis)
jätterödsvingel		(Festuca rubra ssp. megastachys)
bågsvingel		(Festuca rubra ssp. oelandica)
vanlig rödsvingel	(Festuca rubra ssp. rubra)
skottlandssvingel	(Festuca rubra ssp. scotica)
groddsvingel		(Festuca vivipara)
arktisk groddsvingel	(Festuca vivipara ssp. glabra)
hårig groddsvingel	(Festuca vivipara ssp. hirsuta)
vanlig groddsvingel	(Festuca vivipara ssp. vivipara)
issvingel × fjällsvingel (Festuca edlundiae × rubra ssp. arctica)
polarsvingel × fjällsvingel (Festuca hyperborea × rubra ssp. arctica)
fårsvingel × rödsvingel (Festuca ovina × rubra)
fårsvingel × vanlig groddsvingel (Festuca ovina × vivipara ssp. vivipara)
fjällsvingel × vanlig groddsvingel (Festuca rubra ssp. arctica × vivipara ssp. vivipara)
gnetgräs		(Gastridium ventricosum)
axhavre			(Gaudinia fragilis)
indiangröe		(Glyceria canadensis)
blågrönt mannagräs	(Glyceria declinata)
mannagräs		(Glyceria fluitans)
kvarngröe		(Glyceria grandis)
glesgröe		(Glyceria lithuanica)
jättegröe		(Glyceria maxima)
skånskt mannagräs	(Glyceria notata)
strimgröe		(Glyceria striata)
blågrönt mannagräs × mannagräs (Glyceria declinata × fluitans)
mannagräs × skånskt mannagräs (Glyceria fluitans × notata)
hainardia		(Hainardia cylindrica)
råttsvansvete		(Henrardia persica)
myskgräs		(Hierochloë)
= majgräs
fjällmyskgräs		(Hierochloë alpina)
finskt myskgräs		(Hierochloë australis)
raggmyskgräs		(Hierochloë hirta)
nordmyskgräs		(Hierochloë hirta ssp. arctica)
älvmyskgräs		(Hierochloë hirta ssp. hirta)
ryskt myskgräs		(Hierochloë hirta ssp. praetermissa)
doftmyskgräs		(Hierochloë odorata)
strandmyskgräs		(Hierochloë odorata ssp. baltica)
ängsmyskgräs		(Hierochloë odorata ssp. odorata)
luddtåtel		(Holcus lanatus)
lentåtel		(Holcus mollis)
-			(Holcus setiglumis)
luddtåtel × lentåtel	(Holcus lanatus × mollis)
skogskorn		(Hordelymus europaeus)
-			(Hordeum brachyantherum)
knylkorn		(Hordeum bulbosum)
-			(Hordeum comosum)
cordobakorn		(Hordeum cordobense)
pampaskorn		(Hordeum euclaston)
ullkorn			(Hordeum geniculatum)
ekorrkorn		(Hordeum jubatum)
strandkorn		(Hordeum marinum)
vildkorn		(Hordeum murinum)
spädkorn		(Hordeum murinum ssp. glaucum)
harkorn			(Hordeum murinum ssp. leporinum)
vanligt vildkorn	(Hordeum murinum ssp. murinum)
trubbkorn		(Hordeum muticum)
eldslandskorn		(Hordeum pubiflorum)
dvärgkorn		(Hordeum pusillum)
ängskorn		(Hordeum secalinum)
violkorn		(Hordeum violaceum)
korn			(Hordeum vulgare)
tvåradigt korn		(Hordeum vulgare var. distichon)
sexradigt korn		(Hordeum vulgare var. vulgare)
-			(Hordeum comosum × jubatum)
bomullsgräs		(Imperata cylindrica)
tofsäxing		(Koeleria glauca)
stor tofsäxing		(Koeleria grandis)
fin tofsäxing		(Koeleria macrantha)
grön tofsäxing		(Koeleria pyramidata)
harsvans		(Lagurus ovatus)
guldäxing		(Lamarckia aurea)
vildris			(Leersia oryzoides)
skäggspretgräs		(Leptochloa fusca)
-			(Leptochloa fusca ssp. uninervia)
nålspretgräs		(Leptochloa panicea)
-			(Leptochloa virgata)
strandråg		(Leymus arenarius)
kanadaråg		(Leymus innovatus)
luden strandråg		(Leymus mollis)
italienskt rajgräs	(Lolium multiflorum)
engelskt rajgräs	(Lolium perenne)
perserrepe		(Lolium persicum)
linrepe			(Lolium remotum)
styvrepe		(Lolium rigidum)
smalrepe		(Lolium rigidum ssp. lepturoides)
äkta styvrepe		(Lolium rigidum ssp. rigidum)
dårrepe			(Lolium temulentum)
italienskt rajgräs × engelskt rajgräs (Lolium multiflorum × perenne)
italienskt rajgräs × äkta styvrepe (Lolium multiflorum × rigidum ssp. rigidum)
engelskt rajgräs × äkta styvrepe (Lolium perenne × rigidum ssp. rigidum)
jätteslok		(Melica altissima)
grusslok		(Melica ciliata)
bergslok		(Melica nutans)
tuvslok			(Melica picta)
stäppslok		(Melica transsilvanica)
lundslok		(Melica uniflora)
pysslinggräs		(Mibora minima)
-			(Microstegium vimineum)
hässlebrodd		(Milium effusum)
sandbrodd		(Milium vernale)
glansmiskantus		(Miscanthus sinensis)
silvermiskantus		(Miscanthus sacchariflorus)
elefantmiskantus	(Miscanthus × ogiformis)
blåtåtel		(Molinia caerulea)
jättetåtel		(Molinia caerulea ssp. arundinacea)
vanlig blåtåtel		(Molinia caerulea ssp. caerulea)
mexikanskt muhlygräs	(Muhlenbergia mexicana)
stagg			(Nardus stricta)
argentinskt fjädergräs	(Nassella hyalina)
svansfjädergräs		(Nassella tenuissima)
ris			(Oryza sativa)
buketthirs		(Panicum capillare)
hösthirs		(Panicum dichotomiflorum)
-			(Panicum laxiflorum)
hirs			(Panicum miliaceum)
-			(Panicum miliaceum ssp. miliaceum)
-			(Panicum miliaceum ssp. ruderale)
transvalhirs		(Panicum schinzii)
-			(Panicum virgatum)
-			(Pappophorum nigricans)
-			(Parapholis filiformis)
-			(Parapholis incurva)
-			(Parapholis pycnantha)
ormax			(Parapholis strigosa)
-			(Paspalum dilatatum)
tvillinghirs		(Paspalum distichum)
bredbladigt borstgräs	(Pennisetum latifolium)
svansborstgräs		(Pennisetum macrourum)
fjäderborstgräs		(Pennisetum setaceum)
afrikanskt borstgräs	(Pennisetum uliginosum)
dunborstgräs		(Pennisetum villosum)
smalflen		(Phalaris angusta)
knölflen		(Phalaris aquatica)
rörflen			(Phalaris arundinacea)
vanlig rörflen		(Phalaris arundinacea var. arundinacea)
klotflen		(Phalaris brachystachys)
kanariegräs		(Phalaris canariensis)
-			(Phalaris caroliniana)
blåflen			(Phalaris coerulescens)
småflen			(Phalaris minor)
klubbflen		(Phalaris paradoxa)
-			(Phalaris truncata)
lappsnögräs		(Phippsia algida)
= snögräs
dovresnögräs		(Phippsia concinna)
lappsnögräs × dovresnögräs (Phippsia algida × concinna)
fjälltimotej		(Phleum alpinum)
sandtimotej		(Phleum arenarium)
grektimotej		(Phleum exaratum)
stentimotej		(Phleum paniculatum)
flentimotej		(Phleum phleoides)
timotej			(Phleum pratense)
vildtimotej		(Phleum pratense ssp. nodosum)
vanlig timotej		(Phleum pratense ssp. pratense)
smaltimotej		(Phleum subulatum)
fjälltimotej × timotej	(Phleum alpinum × pratense)
vass			(Phragmites australis)
risven			(Piptatherum miliaceum)
vitstrimmig grenbambu	(Pleioblastus variegatus)
pyttegrenbambu		(Pleioblastus pygmaeus)
nickgräs		(Pleuropogon sabinei)
isgröe			(Poa abbreviata)
fjällgröe		(Poa alpina)
vitgröe			(Poa annua)
polargröe		(Poa arctica)
vanligt polargröe	(Poa arctica ssp. arctica)
-			(Poa arctica var. arctica)
sunndalsgröe		(Poa arctica var. depauperata)
dovregröe		(Poa arctica var. elongata)
tornegröe		(Poa arctica var. microglumis)
tromsgröe		(Poa arctica var. tromsensis)
-			(Poa arctica var. wahlenbergii)
tuvgröe			(Poa arctica ssp. caespitans)
knölgröe		(Poa bulbosa)
parkgröe		(Poa chaixii)
berggröe		(Poa compressa)
vanligt berggröe	(Poa compressa ssp. compressa)
stort bergröe		(Poa compressa ssp. langiana)
vekgröe			(Poa flexuosa)
blågröe			(Poa glauca)
rakgröe			(Poa hartzii)
härjedalsgröe		(Poa × herjedalica)
jämtlandsgröe		(Poa × jemtlandica)
-			(Poa lanigera)
knutshögröe		(Poa lindebergii)
lundgröe		(Poa nemoralis)
sengröe			(Poa palustris)
ängsgröe		(Poa pratensis)
nordgröe		(Poa pratensis ssp. alpigena)
smalgröe		(Poa pratensis ssp. angustifolia)
eskimågröe		(Poa pratensis ssp. colpodea)
smågröe			(Poa pratensis ssp. irrigata)
vanligt ängsgröe	(Poa pratensis ssp. pratensis)
silvergröe		(Poa pratensis ssp. subcaerulea)
storgröe		(Poa remota)
trampgröe		(Poa supina)
kärrgröe		(Poa trivialis)
pärlgröe		(Poa trivialis ssp. sylvicola)
vanligt kärrgröe	(Poa trivialis ssp. trivialis)
fjällgröe × polargröe	(Poa alpina × arctica)
fjällgröe × ängsgröe	(Poa alpina × pratensis)
vitgröe × trampgröe	(Poa annua × supina)
polargröe × nordgröe	(Poa arctica × pratensis ssp. alpigena)
parkgröe × storgröe	(Poa chaixii × remota)
berggröe × blågröe	(Poa compressa × glauca)
berggröe × lundgröe	(Poa compressa × nemoralis)
berggröe × sengröe	(Poa compressa × palustris)
blågröe × lundgröe	(Poa glauca × nemoralis)
blågröe × sengröe	(Poa glauca × palustris)
lappgröe		(Poa nemoralis × palustris)
-			(Polypogon australis)
-			(Polypogon elongatus)
litet skäggräs		(Polypogon maritimus)
skäggräs		(Polypogon monspeliensis)
tofsven			(Polypogon viridis)
japansk bambu		(Pseudosasa japonica)
-			(Puccinellia angusta)
polarsaltgräs		(Puccinellia angustata)
vanligt polarsaltgräs	(Puccinellia angustata ssp. angustata)
källsaltgräs		(Puccinellia angustata ssp. palibinii)
-			(Puccinellia blomii)
kustsaltgräs		(Puccinellia capillaris)
= saltgräs
grått saltgräs		(Puccinellia distans)
knippsaltgräs		(Puccinellia fasciculata)
strävt/grovt saltgräs	(Puccinellia festuciformis)
strävt saltgräs		(Puccinellia festuciformis ssp. festuciformis)
grovt saltgräs		(Puccinellia festuciformis ssp. intermedia)
finnmarkssaltgräs	(Puccinellia finmarchica)
-			(Puccinellia glaucescens)
revigt saltgräs		(Puccinellia maritima)
nordsaltgräs		(Puccinellia nutkaënsis)
arktiskt saltgräs	(Puccinellia phryganodes)
-			(Puccinellia phryganodes ssp. sibirica)
-			(Puccinellia phryganodes ssp. vilfoidea)
-			(Puccinellia pusilla)
hamnsaltgräs		(Puccinellia rupestris)
-			(Puccinellia stricta)
spetsbergssaltgräs	(Puccinellia svalbardensis)
fimbulgräs		(Puccinellia vahliana)
saltgräs × grått saltgräs (Puccinellia capillaris × distans)
saltgräs × revigt saltgräs (Puccinellia capillaris × maritima)
grått saltgräs × revigt saltgräs (Puccinellia distans × maritima)
grått saltgräs × hamnsaltgräs (Puccinellia distans × rupestris)
-			(Puccinellia fasciculata × glaucescens)
-			(Puccinellia glaucescens × stricta)
snösaltgräs		(× Pucciphippsia vacillans)
borstäxing		(Rostraria cristata)
-			(Rostraria hispida)
-			(Rytidosperma semiannulare)
palmbladsbambu		(Sasa palmata)
revbambu		(Sasaella ramosa)
rörsvingel		(Schedonorus arundinaceus)
vanlig rörsvingel	(Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. arundinaceus)
vallsvingel		(Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. uechtritzianus)
långsvingel		(Schedonorus giganteus)
ängssvingel		(Schedonorus pratensis)
rörsvingel × långsvingel (Schedonorus arundinaceus × giganteus)
rörsvingel × ängssvingel (Schedonorus arundinaceus × pratensis)
vanlig rörsvingel × långsvingel (Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. arundinaceus × giganteus)
vanlig rörsvingel × ängssvingel (Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. arundinaceus × pratensis)
vallsvingel × långsvingel (Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. uechtritzianus × giganteus)
vallsvingel × ängssvingel (Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. uechtritzianus × pratensis)
långsvingel × ängssvingel (Schedonorus giganteus × pratensis)
fransgräs		(Schismus barbatus)
hårdgröe		(Sclerochloa dura)
kasgräs			(Scolochloa festucacea)
råg			(Secale cereale)
vildråg			(Secale montanum)
atlantisk älväxing	(Sesleria caerulea)
vårälväxing		(Sesleria heufleriana)
älväxing		(Sesleria uliginosa)
arabisk kavelhirs	(Setaria adhaerens)
kinesisk kavelhirs	(Setaria faberi)
kolvhirs		(Setaria italica)
smal kavelhirs		(Setaria parviflora)
grå kavelhirs		(Setaria pumila)
kortborstig/sträv kavelhirs (Setaria verticillata)
kortborstig kavelhirs	(Setaria verticillata var. ambigua)
sträv kavelhirs		(Setaria verticillata var. verticillata)
kavelhirs		(Setaria viridis)
stor kavelhirs		(Setaria viridis var. major)
vanlig kavelhirs	(Setaria viridis var. viridis)
vimpelgräs		(Snowdenia polystachya)
durra			(Sorghum bicolor)
ogräsdurra		(Sorghum halepense)
engelskt marskgräs	(Spartina anglica)
amerikanskt marskgräs	(Spartina alterniflora)
jättemarskgräs		(Spartina cynosuroides)
litet marskgräs		(Spartina maritima)
präriemarskgräs		(Spartina pectinata)
hybridmarskgräs		(Spartina × townsendii)
-			(Sporobolus caroli)
indiskt droppgräs	(Sporobolus indicus)
smalt droppgräs		(Sporobolus strictus)
-			(Stenotaphrum secundatum)
finbladigt fjädergräs	(Stipa capillata)
-			(Stipa cretacea)
fjädergräs		(Stipa pennata)
ryskt fjädergräs	(Stipa tirsa)
medusagräs		(Taeniatherum caput-medusae)
litet piprensargräs	(Tragus berteronianus)
piprensargräs		(Tragus racemosus)
-			(Triraphis mollis)
-			(Trisetum aureum)
gullhavre		(Trisetum flavescens)
-			(Trisetum ovatum)
tofshavre		(Trisetum paniceum)
spädhavre		(Trisetum parviflorum)
fjällhavre		(Trisetum spicatum)
isländsk fjällhavre	(Trisetum spicatum ssp. pilosiglume)
vanlig fjällhavre	(Trisetum spicatum ssp. spicatum)
venhavre		(Trisetum subalpestre)
rågvete			(× Triticosecale rimpaui)
vete			(Triticum aestivum)
kubbvete		(Triticum compactum)
hårdvete		(Triticum durum)
enkornsvete		(Triticum monococcum)
speltvete		(Triticum spelta)
emmervete		(Triticum turgidum)
leverhirs		(Urochloa panicoides)
lapptåtel		(Vahlodea atropurpurea)
tåtelhavre		(Ventenata dubia)
rävsvingel		(Vulpia alopecuros)
-			(Vulpia australis)
ekorrsvingel		(Vulpia bromoides)
fransig ekorrsvingel	(Vulpia ciliata)
fjädersvingel		(Vulpia fasciculata)
stor rävsvingel		(Vulpia geniculata)
italiensk rävsvingel	(Vulpia ligustica)
mursvingel		(Vulpia muralis)
råttsvingel		(Vulpia myuros)
amerikansk ekorrsvingel (Vulpia octoflora)
-			(Vulpia octoflora var. hirtella)
-			(Vulpia octoflora var. octoflora)
himalayabambu		(Yushania anceps)
majs			(Zea mays)
indianris		(Zizania aquatica)
manchuriskt ris		(Zizania latifolia)
bockvete × vete		(Aegilops cylindrica × Triticum aestivum)
sandrör × piprör	(Ammophila arenaria × Calamagrostis arundinacea)
östersjörör		(Ammophila arenaria × Calamagrostis epigejos)
hänggräs × isgräs	(Arctophila fulva × Dupontia fisheri)
strandkvickrot × strandråg (Elytrigia juncea ssp. boreoatlantica × Leymus arenarius)
kvickrot × ängskorn	(Elytrigia repens × Hordeum secalinum)
kvickrot × strandråg	(Elytrigia repens × Leymus arenarius)
rödsvingel × engelskt rajgräs (Festuca rubra × Lolium perenne)
strandråg × råg		(Leymus arenarius × Secale cereale)
rajsvingel		(Lolium multiflorum × Schedonorus pratensis)
engelskt rajgräs × rörsvingel (Lolium perenne × Schedonorus arundinaceus)
engelskt rajgräs × vanlig rörsvingel (Lolium perenne × Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. arundinaceus)
engelskt rajgräs × vallsvingel (Lolium perenne × Schedonorus arundinaceus ssp. uechtritzianus)
engelskt rajgräs × långsvingel (Lolium perenne × Schedonorus giganteus)
engelskt rajgräs × ängssvingel (Lolium perenne × Schedonorus pratensis)

# Cabombaceae
kabomba			(Cabomba caroliniana)

# Nymphaeaceae
sextalig näckros	(Nuphar advena)
japansk näckros		(Nuphar japonica)
gul näckros		(Nuphar lutea)
dvärgnäckros		(Nuphar pumila)
gul näckros × dvärgnäckros (Nuphar lutea × pumila)
vit näckros		(Nymphaea alba)
sydnäckros		(Nymphaea alba ssp. alba)
sydnäckros × finsk näckros (Nymphaea alba ssp. alba × tetragona)
nordnäckros		(Nymphaea alba ssp. candida)
nordnäckros × finsk näckros (Nymphaea alba ssp. candida × tetragona)
atlantnäckros		(Nymphaea alba ssp. occidentalis)
sydnäckros × nordnäckros (Nymphaea alba ssp. alba × ssp. candida)
smånäckros		(Nymphaea × laydekeri)
parknäckros		(Nymphaea × marliacea)
finsk näckros		(Nymphaea tetragona)
svavelnäckros		(Nymphaea × thiona)

# Piperaceae
ogräspeperomia		(Peperomia pellucida)

# Saururaceae
ödleblad		(Houttuynia cordata)

# Aristolochiaceae
hålrot			(Aristolochia clematitis)
pipranka		(Aristolochia macrophylla)
hasselört		(Asarum europaeum)

# Magnoliaceae
tulpanträd		(Liriodendron tulipifera)

# Annonaceae
kirimoja		(Annona cherimola)

# Lauraceae
avokado			(Persea americana)
kamferträd		(Cinnamomum camphora)

# Ceratophyllaceae
hornsärv		(Ceratophyllum demersum)
vårtsärv		(Ceratophyllum submersum)

# Papaveraceae
adlumia			(Adlumia fungosa)
gul taggvallmo		(Argemone mexicana)
sommarnunneört		(Capnoides sempervirens)
klängnunneört		(Ceratocapnos claviculata)
skelört			(Chelidonium majus)
smal nunneört		(Corydalis angustifolia)
småblommig nunneört	(Corydalis aurea)
kanariegul nunneört	(Corydalis bracteata)
rank nunneört		(Corydalis capnoides)
hålnunneört		(Corydalis cava)
gotländsk nunneört	(Corydalis gotlandica)
smånunneört		(Corydalis intermedia)
linstownunneört		(Corydalis linstowiana)
sibirisk nunneört	(Corydalis nobilis)
-			(Corydalis ochotensis)
elfenbensnunneört	(Corydalis ophiocarpa)
sloknunneört		(Corydalis pumila)
stornunneört		(Corydalis solida)
= stor nunneört
fliknunneört		(Corydalis solida ssp. incisa)
vanlig stornunneört	(Corydalis solida ssp. solida)
-			(Corydalis vaginans)
smal nunneört × stornunneört (Corydalis angustifolia × solida)
kanariegul nunneört × vanlig stornunneört (Corydalis bracteata × solida ssp. solida)
hålnunneört × smånunneört (Corydalis cava × intermedia)
smånunneört × sloknunneört (Corydalis intermedia × pumila)
smånunneört × stornunneört (Corydalis intermedia × solida)
sloknunneört × stornunneört (Corydalis pumila × solida)
furirhjärta		(Dicentra eximia)
fänrikshjärta		(Dicentra formosa)
klasevallmo		(Dicranostigma leptopodum)
sömntuta		(Eschscholzia californica)
tuvad sömntuta		(Eschscholzia caespitosa)
dvärgsömntuta		(Eschscholzia lobbii)
rynkjordrök		(Fumaria barnolae)
stor jordrök		(Fumaria bastardii)
vit jordrök		(Fumaria capreolata)
tätblommig jordrök	(Fumaria densiflora)
turkisk jordrök		(Fumaria kralikii)
kustjordrök		(Fumaria muralis)
vanlig kustjordrök	(Fumaria muralis ssp. boroei)
murjordrök		(Fumaria muralis ssp. muralis)
jordrök			(Fumaria officinalis)
småblommig jordrök	(Fumaria parviflora)
blek jordrök		(Fumaria vaillantii)
röd hornvallmo		(Glaucium corniculatum)
strandvallmo		(Glaucium flavum)
stor hornvallmo		(Glaucium grandiflorum)
kinesisk fjärilsrök	(Hypecoum leptocarpum)
blek fjärilsrök		(Hypecoum pendulum)
fjärilsrök		(Hypecoum procumbens)
turkisk fjärilsrök	(Hypecoum pseudograndiflorum)
löjtnantshjärta		(Lamprocapnos spectabilis)
vippvallmo		(Macleaya cordata)
hybridvippvallmo	(Macleaya × kewensis)
-			(Macleaya microcarpa)
italiensk vallmo	(Papaver apulum)
spikvallmo		(Papaver argemone)
atlasvallmo		(Papaver atlanticum)
purpurvallmo		(Papaver bivalve)
-			(Papaver bivalve ssp. hybridum)
mörk jättevallmo	(Papaver bracteatum)
engelsk vallmo		(Papaver cambricum)
fläckvallmo		(Papaver commutatum)
polarvallmo		(Papaver corwallisense)
sibirisk vallmo		(Papaver croceum)
spetsbergsvallmo	(Papaver dahlianum)
rågvallmo		(Papaver dubium)
vanlig rågvallmo	(Papaver dubium ssp. dubium)
blodvallmo		(Papaver dubium ssp. lecoqii)
tulpanvallmo		(Papaver glaucum)
mönjevallmo		(Papaver hybridum)
talviksvallmo		(Papaver lapponicum)
kvarnvallmo		(Papaver macrostomum)
orientvallmo		(Papaver orientale)
persisk vallmo		(Papaver persicum)
fjällvallmo		(Papaver radicatum)
laestadiusvallmo	(Papaver radicatum ssp. laestadianum)
lappvallmo		(Papaver radicatum ssp. radicatum)
kornvallmo		(Papaver rhoeas)
jättevallmo		(Papaver setiferum)
opievallmo		(Papaver somniferum)
vanlig rågvallmo × kornvallmo (Papaver dubium ssp. dubium × rhoeas)
blekgul nunneört	(Pseudofumaria alba)
gul nunneört		(Pseudofumaria lutea)

# Lardizabalaceae
fembladig akebia	(Akebia quinata)

# Menispermaceae
amerikansk månfröranka	(Menispermum canadense)
asiatisk månfröranka	(Menispermum dauricum)

# Berberidaceae
pärlberberis		(Berberis aggregata)
silverberberis		(Berberis candidula)
darwinberberis		(Berberis darwinii)
vårtig bandbladsberberis (Berberis × hybridogegnepainii)
långbladig berberis	(Berberis julianae)
koreansk berberis	(Berberis koreana)
holländsk blodberberis	(Berberis × ottawensis)
-			(Berberis regeliana)
bredbladig berberis	(Berberis sargentiana)
häckberberis		(Berberis thunbergii)
berberis		(Berberis vulgaris)
alpsockblomma		(Epimedium alpinum)
-			(Epimedium pinnatum)
guldgul sockblomma	(Epimedium pinnatum ssp. colchicum)
röd sockblomma		(Epimedium × rubrum)
mahonia			(Mahonia aquifolium)
kinesisk mahonia	(Mahonia bealei)
-			(Mahonia × decumbens)
indiskt fotblad		(Podophyllum hexandrum)
rökblad			(Vancouveria hexandra)

# Ranunculaceae
vargstormhatt		(Aconitum lycoctonum)
-			(Aconitum lycoctonum ssp. lasiostomum)
alpstormhatt		(Aconitum lycoctonum ssp. lycoctonum)
sydstormhatt		(Aconitum lycoctonum ssp. neapolitanum)
nordisk stormhatt	(Aconitum lycoctonum ssp. septentrionale)
-			(Aconitum napellus)
äkta stormhatt		(Aconitum napellus ssp. lusitanicum)
-			(Aconitum napellus ssp. vulgare)
-			(Aconitum reclinatum)
trädgårdsstormhatt	(Aconitum × stoerkianum)
spjutsilverax		(Actaea cordifolia)
röd trolldruva		(Actaea erythrocarpa)
japanskt silverax	(Actaea japonica)
läkesilverax		(Actaea racemosa)
amerikansk trolldruva	(Actaea rubra)
svart trolldruva	(Actaea spicata)
= trolldruva
röd trolldruva × svart trolldruva (Actaea erythrocarpa × spicata)
sommaradonis		(Adonis aestivalis)
höstadonis		(Adonis annua)
våradonis		(Adonis vernalis)
narcissanemon		(Anemonastrum narcissiflorum)
knölsippa		(Anemone apennina)
-			(Anemone apennina var. apennina)
-			(Anemone apennina var. pallida)
balkansippa		(Anemone blanda)
bukettanemon		(Anemone coronaria)
stor höstanemon		(Anemone × hybrida)
vitsippa		(Anemone nemorosa)
höstanemon		(Anemone hupehensis)
flikanemon		(Anemone multifida)
gulsippa		(Anemone ranunculoides)
bäckanemon		(Anemone rivularis)
tovsippa		(Anemone sylvestris)
silvrig höstanemon	(Anemone tomentosa)
trillingsippa		(Anemone trifolia)
svavelsippa		(Anemone nemorosa × ranunculoides)
-			(Anemone nemorosa × trifolia)
sippruta		(Anemonella thalictroides)
ängsanemon		(Anemonidium canadense)
guldakleja		(Aquilegia chrysantha)
pastellakleja		(Aquilegia × cultorum)
vårakleja		(Aquilegia glandulosa)
akleja			(Aquilegia vulgaris)
kabbleka		(Caltha palustris)
= kabbeleka
vanlig kabbleka		(Caltha palustris ssp. palustris)
revkabbleka		(Caltha palustris ssp. radicans)
hornsmörblomma		(Ceratocephala testiculata)
alpklematis		(Clematis alpina)
äkta alpklematis	(Clematis alpina ssp. alpina)
sibirisk klematis	(Clematis alpina ssp. sibirica)
parmaklematis		(Clematis × diversifolia)
helbladig klematis	(Clematis integrifolia)
jackmanklematis		(Clematis × jackmanii)
orientklematis		(Clematis orientalis)
stjärnklematis		(Clematis potaninii)
styvklematis		(Clematis recta)
gullklematis		(Clematis tangutica)
stor vippklematis	(Clematis terniflora)
skogsklematis		(Clematis vitalba)
italiensk klematis	(Clematis viticella)
stjärnklematis × skogsklematis (Clematis potaninii × vitalba)
romersk riddarsporre	(Consolida ajacis)
sommarriddarsporre	(Consolida orientalis)
riddarsporre		(Consolida regalis)
hamnriddarsporre	(Consolida regalis ssp. paniculata)
åkerriddarsporre	(Consolida regalis ssp. regalis)
lappranunkel		(Coptidium lapponicum)
glansranunkel		(Coptidium pallasii)
spetsbergsranunkel	(Coptidium × spitsbergense)
praktriddarsporre	(Delphinium × belladonna)
stor riddarsporre	(Delphinium elatum)
kinesisk riddarsporre	(Delphinium grandiflorum)
fransk riddarsporre	(Delphinium verdunense)
turkisk vintergäck	(Eranthis cilicica)
vintergäck		(Eranthis hyemalis)
svalört			(Ficaria verna)
stor svalört		(Ficaria verna ssp. fertilis)
vanlig svalört		(Ficaria verna ssp. verna)
bohusranunkel		(Halerpestes cymbalaria)
klockjulros		(Helleborus foetidus)
julros			(Helleborus niger)
orientalisk julros	(Helleborus orientalis)
röd julros		(Helleborus orientalis ssp. abchasicus)
prickjulros		(Helleborus orientalis ssp. guttatus)
storblommig julros	(Helleborus orientalis ssp. orientalis)
grön julros		(Helleborus viridis)
stor blåsippa		(Hepatica × media)
blåsippa		(Hepatica nobilis)
ungersk blåsippa	(Hepatica transsilvanica)
vitsippsruta		(Isopyrum thalictroides)
ranunkelruta		(Leptopyrum fumarioides)
råttsvans		(Myosurus minimus)
åkernigella		(Nigella arvensis)
jungfrun i det gröna	(Nigella damascena)
jungfruparasoll		(Nigella orientalis)
svartkummin		(Nigella sativa)
nipsippa		(Pulsatilla patens)
fältsippa		(Pulsatilla pratensis)
mosippa			(Pulsatilla vernalis)
backsippa		(Pulsatilla vulgaris)
gotlandssippa		(Pulsatilla vulgaris ssp. gotlandica)
vanlig backsippa	(Pulsatilla vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
nipsippa × fältsippa	(Pulsatilla patens × pratensis)
nipsippa × mosippa	(Pulsatilla patens × vernalis)
fältsippa × mosippa	(Pulsatilla pratensis × vernalis)
fältsippa × vanlig backsippa (Pulsatilla pratensis × vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
mosippa × vanlig backsippa (Pulsatilla vernalis × vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
stormhattsranunkel	(Ranunculus aconitifolius)
smörblomma		(Ranunculus acris)
vanlig smörblomma	(Ranunculus acris ssp. acris)
parksmörblomma		(Ranunculus acris ssp. friesianus)
vattenmöja		(Ranunculus aquatilis)
vanlig vattenmöja	(Ranunculus aquatilis var. aquatilis)
grodmöja		(Ranunculus aquatilis var. diffusus)
eskimåsmörblomma	(Ranunculus arcticus)
åkerranunkel		(Ranunculus arvensis)
majsmörblomma		(Ranunculus auricomus)
= majsmörblommor
-			(Ranunculus abortificus)
-			(Ranunculus acarpellophorus)
-			(Ranunculus acrifoliiformis)
-			(Ranunculus acrifolius)
-			(Ranunculus acuistylus)
-			(Ranunculus acutidentiformis)
-			(Ranunculus acutimammus)
-			(Ranunculus acutipartitus)
-			(Ranunculus acutiserratus)
-			(Ranunculus acutiusculus)
-			(Ranunculus aequalis)
-			(Ranunculus aequidens)
-			(Ranunculus afzelii)
-			(Ranunculus agynophorus)
-			(Ranunculus albertsonii)
-			(Ranunculus alcicornis)
-			(Ranunculus almquistii)
-			(Ranunculus amoenoviridis)
-			(Ranunculus amplisinus)
-			(Ranunculus anandrophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus anandrus)
-			(Ranunculus ancorifolius)
-			(Ranunculus anemonophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus angustifidus)
-			(Ranunculus angustilobulus)
-			(Ranunculus angustitorus)
-			(Ranunculus angustus)
-			(Ranunculus apertiformis)
-			(Ranunculus apertisinus)
-			(Ranunculus apertus)
-			(Ranunculus arcuiformans)
-			(Ranunculus ariodon)
-			(Ranunculus arwidssonii)
-			(Ranunculus asplundii)
-			(Ranunculus asymmetrus)
-			(Ranunculus attenuans)
-			(Ranunculus aurosulus)
-			(Ranunculus baeckii)
-			(Ranunculus bellulus)
-			(Ranunculus bicolor)
-			(Ranunculus bottnicus)
-			(Ranunculus brachygynophorus)
-			(Ranunculus brachyphyllarius)
-			(Ranunculus brachyschides)
-			(Ranunculus brevidens)
-			(Ranunculus brevifidus)
-			(Ranunculus brevistylus)
-			(Ranunculus brunnescens)
-			(Ranunculus caespitans)
-			(Ranunculus caespitosulus)
-			(Ranunculus calvescens)
-			(Ranunculus campanulatus)
-			(Ranunculus canaster)
-			(Ranunculus canastriformis)
-			(Ranunculus cancrifolius)
-			(Ranunculus carnosulus)
-			(Ranunculus chlorellus)
-			(Ranunculus cinereoviridis)
-			(Ranunculus circinans)
-			(Ranunculus clavulifer)
-			(Ranunculus coleophorus)
-			(Ranunculus collanderi)
-			(Ranunculus compluridens)
-			(Ranunculus concavus)
-			(Ranunculus concinnifolius)
-			(Ranunculus concinnifrons)
-			(Ranunculus concretus)
-			(Ranunculus coniformis)
-			(Ranunculus consectus)
-			(Ranunculus corylisinus)
-			(Ranunculus crassiusculus)
-			(Ranunculus crassus)
-			(Ranunculus crenifer)
-			(Ranunculus crenifolius)
-			(Ranunculus cuneaticans)
-			(Ranunculus curvatus)
-			(Ranunculus curvicaulis)
-			(Ranunculus dactylophylloides)
-			(Ranunculus decorifactus)
-			(Ranunculus decrescens)
-			(Ranunculus defectiflorus)
-			(Ranunculus defectus)
-			(Ranunculus deformis)
-			(Ranunculus deminuens)
-			(Ranunculus dimidiatus)
-			(Ranunculus diodon)
-			(Ranunculus dissimilifolius)
-			(Ranunculus distendens)
-			(Ranunculus djuloeënsis)
-			(Ranunculus duciformis)
-			(Ranunculus ducis)
-			(Ranunculus dysanthus)
-			(Ranunculus erectidens)
-			(Ranunculus erectus)
-			(Ranunculus eversii)
-			(Ranunculus evolutus)
-			(Ranunculus excellentis)
-			(Ranunculus expansus)
-			(Ranunculus fallacifolius)
-			(Ranunculus fallacillus)
-			(Ranunculus feripes)
-			(Ranunculus firmicaulis)
-			(Ranunculus fissifolius)
-			(Ranunculus flabelliformis)
-			(Ranunculus fragilis)
-			(Ranunculus fuscinus)
-			(Ranunculus fuscus)
-			(Ranunculus glabritorus)
-			(Ranunculus glaucescens)
-			(Ranunculus glechomoides)
-			(Ranunculus globosus)
-			(Ranunculus glomifolius)
-			(Ranunculus glossophorus)
-			(Ranunculus gonophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus gracilifolius)
-			(Ranunculus gracilior)
-			(Ranunculus gracillimus)
-			(Ranunculus gripsholmiensis)
-			(Ranunculus gyratidens)
-			(Ranunculus haesselbyholmiensis)
-			(Ranunculus haglundii)
-			(Ranunculus hallstaënsis)
-			(Ranunculus hemicyclodon)
-			(Ranunculus hemicyclophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus holanthus)
-			(Ranunculus hortorum)
-			(Ranunculus imitator)
-			(Ranunculus imparidens)
-			(Ranunculus inaequalis)
-			(Ranunculus inaptus)
-			(Ranunculus incisulus)
-			(Ranunculus incisurifer)
-			(Ranunculus inclinatus)
-			(Ranunculus inconcinnus)
-			(Ranunculus inconspectiflorus)
-			(Ranunculus inconspectus)
-			(Ranunculus inextricabilis)
-			(Ranunculus infuscus)
-			(Ranunculus integerrimus)
-			(Ranunculus intervallatus)
-			(Ranunculus intervallicarens)
-			(Ranunculus intricatifrons)
-			(Ranunculus isophylloides)
-			(Ranunculus isophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus julinii)
-			(Ranunculus kvedbyensis)
-			(Ranunculus lacer)
-			(Ranunculus lacerescens)
-			(Ranunculus lacinulatus)
-			(Ranunculus laestadii)
-			(Ranunculus laeticolor)
-			(Ranunculus landsorticola)
-			(Ranunculus latiapex)
-			(Ranunculus latifolius)
-			(Ranunculus latifrons)
-			(Ranunculus latiphyllarius)
-			(Ranunculus latisinus)
-			(Ranunculus lepidulus)
-			(Ranunculus lepidus)
-			(Ranunculus linearifidus)
-			(Ranunculus linkolae)
-			(Ranunculus litoricola)
-			(Ranunculus longidens)
-			(Ranunculus longimammiformis)
-			(Ranunculus longimammus)
-			(Ranunculus longipilosus)
-			(Ranunculus longisectus)
-			(Ranunculus longistylus)
-			(Ranunculus lundbyensis)
-			(Ranunculus lundevallii)
-			(Ranunculus lyngei)
-			(Ranunculus macrocarpellophorus)
-			(Ranunculus macrophyllarius)
-			(Ranunculus maelarensis)
-			(Ranunculus maelbyensis)
-			(Ranunculus magnidens)
-			(Ranunculus magnifolius)
-			(Ranunculus magnimammus)
-			(Ranunculus magnitorifer)
-			(Ranunculus mammiformidens)
-			(Ranunculus marklundii)
-			(Ranunculus mediocrifidus)
-			(Ranunculus megalodon)
-			(Ranunculus megalodontoides)
-			(Ranunculus membranaster)
-			(Ranunculus metabolus)
-			(Ranunculus modestipilosus)
-			(Ranunculus moerkoeënsis)
-			(Ranunculus monopetalus)
-			(Ranunculus multipartitus)
-			(Ranunculus multistaminifer)
-			(Ranunculus muonioënsis)
-			(Ranunculus nannfeldtii)
-			(Ranunculus nephromorphus)
-			(Ranunculus nephrophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus nigellus)
-			(Ranunculus nontunensis)
-			(Ranunculus obliquifolius)
-			(Ranunculus oblongus)
-			(Ranunculus obovatus)
-			(Ranunculus obscurans)
-			(Ranunculus obscuraster)
-			(Ranunculus obscurisepalus)
-			(Ranunculus obscuroviridis)
-			(Ranunculus obtruncatus)
-			(Ranunculus obtusidens)
-			(Ranunculus obtusidentiformis)
-			(Ranunculus obtusulus)
-			(Ranunculus oligandromorphus)
-			(Ranunculus oligandrus)
-			(Ranunculus orbifolius)
-			(Ranunculus orthocladus)
-			(Ranunculus ovatitoratus)
-			(Ranunculus paludicola)
-			(Ranunculus paludum)
-			(Ranunculus papilionaceus)
-			(Ranunculus paralbertsonii)
-			(Ranunculus parallelus)
-			(Ranunculus paranephrophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus parcipilosus)
-			(Ranunculus parviflorifer)
-			(Ranunculus parvirostratus)
-			(Ranunculus parvitorifer)
-			(Ranunculus parvitorus)
-			(Ranunculus parvulifactus)
-			(Ranunculus pastorum)
-			(Ranunculus patens)
-			(Ranunculus patulidens)
-			(Ranunculus patulidentiformis)
-			(Ranunculus pectinifolius)
-			(Ranunculus pendulus)
-			(Ranunculus pentameres)
-			(Ranunculus pentodon)
-			(Ranunculus percrassus)
-			(Ranunculus perfectiflorus)
-			(Ranunculus pergamentaceus)
-			(Ranunculus pergracilis)
-			(Ranunculus petiolosus)
-			(Ranunculus petiolulatus)
-			(Ranunculus pilicauliformis)
-			(Ranunculus pilicaulis)
-			(Ranunculus piliger)
-			(Ranunculus pilipes)
-			(Ranunculus pinguifolius)
-			(Ranunculus platyloboides)
-			(Ranunculus platylobus)
-			(Ranunculus plesiolobus)
-			(Ranunculus polyandrus)
-			(Ranunculus polyanthus)
-			(Ranunculus polycarpus)
-			(Ranunculus polydactyloides)
-			(Ranunculus polydactylus)
-			(Ranunculus polymeres)
-			(Ranunculus polyschistoides)
-			(Ranunculus polyschistus)
-			(Ranunculus porraceus)
-			(Ranunculus porrectidens)
-			(Ranunculus porrectifidus)
-			(Ranunculus porrectilobus)
-			(Ranunculus praecellens)
-			(Ranunculus prasinaster)
-			(Ranunculus prasinulus)
-			(Ranunculus procurrens)
-			(Ranunculus procurrentiformis)
-			(Ranunculus prolixifidus)
-			(Ranunculus protendens)
-			(Ranunculus pulcher)
-			(Ranunculus pulchridentatus)
-			(Ranunculus pulchrifrons)
-			(Ranunculus pullaster)
-			(Ranunculus pullus)
-			(Ranunculus pusillicans)
-			(Ranunculus quinquangularis)
-			(Ranunculus rectiangulus)
-			(Ranunculus rectistylus)
-			(Ranunculus reniger)
-			(Ranunculus retroflexus)
-			(Ranunculus retusatus)
-			(Ranunculus retusiformis)
-			(Ranunculus retusus)
-			(Ranunculus robusticaulis)
-			(Ranunculus robustifolius)
-			(Ranunculus robustifrons)
-			(Ranunculus rotundellus)
-			(Ranunculus rotundidens)
-			(Ranunculus rubellus)
-			(Ranunculus rubrosepalus)
-			(Ranunculus rubroviolaceus)
-			(Ranunculus sandemarensis)
-			(Ranunculus semiorbicularis)
-			(Ranunculus septempartitus)
-			(Ranunculus serratus)
-			(Ranunculus sidereus)
-			(Ranunculus silvestris)
-			(Ranunculus sjoersii)
-			(Ranunculus snaeckstavikensis)
-			(Ranunculus spado)
-			(Ranunculus spissus)
-			(Ranunculus stenodes)
-			(Ranunculus stenoschistus)
-			(Ranunculus subbrevis)
-			(Ranunculus subcrassus)
-			(Ranunculus subdecumbens)
-			(Ranunculus subfuscus)
-			(Ranunculus subglaber)
-			(Ranunculus subglaucescens)
-			(Ranunculus sublaetevirens)
-			(Ranunculus sublongimammus)
-			(Ranunculus subobtusulus)
-			(Ranunculus subrobustus)
-			(Ranunculus sudermannicus)
-			(Ranunculus sundinii)
-			(Ranunculus supernumerarius)
-			(Ranunculus supramedialis)
-			(Ranunculus tenebricaster)
-			(Ranunculus tenuisectus)
-			(Ranunculus tinctivaginatus)
-			(Ranunculus tornensis)
-			(Ranunculus transversalis)
-			(Ranunculus trichopus)
-			(Ranunculus trilobulatus)
-			(Ranunculus triplex)
-			(Ranunculus trivialis)
-			(Ranunculus tureholmiensis)
-			(Ranunculus uxoris)
-			(Ranunculus vaginifer)
-			(Ranunculus vastifolius)
-			(Ranunculus venustus)
-			(Ranunculus vestergrenii)
-			(Ranunculus viadensis)
-			(Ranunculus zaplatys)
knölsmörblomma		(Ranunculus bulbosus)
lundsmörblomma		(Ranunculus cassubicus)
-			(Ranunculus elatior)
-			(Ranunculus imitans)
hjulmöja		(Ranunculus circinatus)
hårmöja			(Ranunculus confervoides)
mellansmörblomma	(Ranunculus fallax)
-			(Ranunculus platycolpoides)
-			(Ranunculus uplandicus)
ältranunkel		(Ranunculus flammula)
jättemöja		(Ranunculus fluitans)
isranunkel		(Ranunculus glacialis)
murgrönsmöja		(Ranunculus hederaceus)
jordranunkel		(Ranunculus hyperboreus)
mossranunkel		(Ranunculus hyperboreus ssp. arnellii)
vanlig jordranunkel	(Ranunculus hyperboreus ssp. hyperboreus)
ullranunkel		(Ranunculus illyricus)
borstsmörblomma		(Ranunculus lanuginosus)
sjöranunkel		(Ranunculus lingua)
kantsmörblomma		(Ranunculus marginatus)
sandsmörblomma		(Ranunculus millefoliatus)
slidsmörblomma		(Ranunculus monophyllus)
-			(Ranunculus neumanii)
-			(Ranunculus parvulifrons)
fransk luddranunkel	(Ranunculus monspeliacus)
bergsmörblomma		(Ranunculus montanus)
taggsmörblomma		(Ranunculus muricatus)
fjällsmörblomma		(Ranunculus nivalis)
gotlandsranunkel	(Ranunculus ophioglossifolius)
småranunkel		(Ranunculus parviflorus)
sköldmöja/vitstjälksmöja (Ranunculus peltatus)
vitstjälksmöja		(Ranunculus peltatus ssp. baudotii)
sköldmöja		(Ranunculus peltatus ssp. peltatus)
penselmöja		(Ranunculus penicillatus)
-			(Ranunculus penicillatus ssp. penicillatus)
-			(Ranunculus penicillatus ssp. pseudofluitans)
kvarnranunkel		(Ranunculus pensylvanicus)
vitsippsranunkel	(Ranunculus platanifolius)
backsmörblomma		(Ranunculus polyanthemos)
skogssmörblomma		(Ranunculus polyanthemos ssp. nemorosus)
ängssmörblomma		(Ranunculus polyanthemos ssp. × polyanthemoides)
vanlig backsmörblomma	(Ranunculus polyanthemos ssp. polyanthemos)
luddranunkel		(Ranunculus psilostachys)
dvärgranunkel		(Ranunculus pygmaeus)
revsmörblomma		(Ranunculus repens)
ryssranunkel		(Ranunculus reptabundus)
strandranunkel		(Ranunculus reptans)
sydsmörblomma		(Ranunculus sardous)
tiggarranunkel		(Ranunculus sceleratus)
serbisk smörblomma	(Ranunculus serbicus)
nordsmörblomma		(Ranunculus subborealis)
liten nordsmörblomma	(Ranunculus subborealis ssp. pumilus)
= liten smörblomma
äkta nordsmörblomma	(Ranunculus subborealis ssp. subborealis)
raggsmörblomma		(Ranunculus subborealis ssp. villosus)
polarsmörblomma		(Ranunculus sulphureus)
-			(Ranunculus trilobus)
ältranunkel × strandranunkel (Ranunculus flammula × reptans)
vattenmöja × vitstjälksmöja (Ranunculus aquatilis × peltatus ssp. baudotii)
vattenmöja × sköldmöja	(Ranunculus aquatilis × peltatus ssp. peltatus)
knölsmörblomma × backsmörblomma (Ranunculus bulbosus × polyanthemos)
hårmöja × sköldmöja	(Ranunculus confervoides × peltatus ssp. peltatus)
fjällsmörblomma × dvärgranunkel (Ranunculus nivalis × pygmaeus)
vitstjälksmöja × penselmöja (Ranunculus peltatus ssp. baudotii × penicillatus ssp. pseudofluitans)
ängssmörblomma × revsmörblomma (Ranunculus polyanthemos ssp. × polyanthemoides × repens)
dvärgranunkel × polarsmörblomma (Ranunculus pygmaeus × sulphureus)
ryssranunkel × tiggarranunkel (Ranunculus reptabundus × sceleratus)
fjällruta		(Thalictrum alpinum)
aklejruta		(Thalictrum aquilegiifolium)
violruta		(Thalictrum delavayi)
ängsruta		(Thalictrum flavum)
mossruta		(Thalictrum foetidum)
glansruta		(Thalictrum lucidum)
kustruta		(Thalictrum minus)
äkta kustruta		(Thalictrum minus ssp. arenarium)
ryssruta		(Thalictrum minus ssp. kemense)
stor kustruta		(Thalictrum minus ssp. minus)
backruta		(Thalictrum simplex)
nordruta		(Thalictrum simplex ssp. boreale)
vanlig backruta		(Thalictrum simplex ssp. simplex)
smalruta		(Thalictrum simplex ssp. tenuifolium)
daggruta		(Thalictrum speciosissimum)
vägruta			(Thalictrum venulosum)
ängsruta × backruta	(Thalictrum flavum × simplex)
orange smörbollar	(Trollius asiaticus)
trädgårdssmörboll	(Trollius × cultorum)
smörbollar		(Trollius europaeus)
= smörboll
sippsmörskål		(Trollius yunnanensis)

# Platanaceae
platan			(Platanus × hispanica)

# Proteaceae
silvergrevillea		(Grevillea robusta)
hakea			(Hakea sericea)

# Buxaceae
buxbom			(Buxus sempervirens)
småbladig buxbom	(Buxus microphylla)
skugg-gröna		(Pachysandra terminalis)

# Gunneraceae
krypgunnera		(Gunnera magellanica)
jättegunnera		(Gunnera manicata)
röd jättegunnera	(Gunnera tinctoria)

# Paeoniaceae
sibirisk pion		(Paeonia anomala)
bondpion		(Paeonia × festiva)
herrgårdspion		(Paeonia × hybrida)
japansk pion		(Paeonia japonica)
luktpion		(Paeonia lactiflora)
buskpion		(Paeonia suffruticosa)
dillpion		(Paeonia tenuifolia)

# Hamamelidaceae
papegojbuske		(Parrotia persica)

# Cercidiphyllaceae
katsura			(Cercidiphyllum japonicum)

# Grossulariaceae
måbär			(Ribes alpinum)
gullrips		(Ribes aureum)
kaukasiskt vinbär	(Ribes biebersteinii)
spärrkrusbär		(Ribes divaricatum)
dvärgrips		(Ribes glandulosum)
slottsvinbär		(Ribes × houghtonianum)
svarta vinbär		(Ribes nigrum)
brudkrusbär		(Ribes niveum)
-			(Ribes oxyacanthoides)
survinbär		(Ribes × pallidum)
alpvinbär		(Ribes petraeum)
trädgårdsvinbär		(Ribes rubrum)
= röda vinbär
rosenrips		(Ribes sanguineum)
skogsvinbär		(Ribes spicatum)
körtelvinbär		(Ribes spicatum ssp. hispidulum)
lappvinbär		(Ribes spicatum ssp. lapponicum)
-			(Ribes spicatum ssp. × scandicum)
vanliga skogsvinbär	(Ribes spicatum ssp. spicatum)
krusbär			(Ribes uva-crispa)
kaukasiskt vinbär × alpvinbär (Ribes biebersteinii × petraeum)
svarta vinbär × rosenrips (Ribes nigrum × sanguineum)

# Saxifragaceae
astilbe			(Astilbe × arendsii)
plymastilbe		(Astilbe chinensis)
silverastilbe		(Astilbe japonica)
höstastilbe		(Astilbe thunbergii)
parasollblad		(Astilboides tabularis)
hjärtbergenia		(Bergenia cordifolia)
bergenia		(Bergenia crassifolia)
-			(Bergenia media)
-			(Bergenia × schmidtii)
grizzlybräcka		(Boykinia richardsonii)
gullpudra		(Chrysosplenium alternifolium)
kustgullpudra		(Chrysosplenium oppositifolium)
polargullpudra		(Chrysosplenium tetrandrum)
sköldbräcka		(Darmera peltata)
hybridalunrot		(Heuchera × brizoides)
axalunrot		(Heuchera cylindrica)
blodalunrot		(Heuchera sanguinea)
groddbräcka		(Micranthes foliolosa)
styvbräcka		(Micranthes hieraciifolia)
fjällbräcka		(Micranthes nivalis)
stjärnbräcka		(Micranthes stellaris)
spädbräcka		(Micranthes tenuis)
styvbräcka × fjällbräcka (Micranthes hieraciifolia × nivalis)
kastanjerodgersia	(Rodgersia aesculifolia)
fingerrodgersia		(Rodgersia pinnata)
bronsrodgersia		(Rodgersia podophylla)
klippbräcka		(Saxifraga adscendens)
gullbräcka		(Saxifraga aizoides)
rosenbräcka		(Saxifraga × arendsii)
knoppbräcka		(Saxifraga cernua)
tuvbräcka		(Saxifraga cespitosa)
fjällbrud		(Saxifraga cotyledon)
slöjbräcka		(Saxifraga cuneifolia)
gul hjärtbräcka		(Saxifraga cymbalaria)
-			(Saxifraga exarata)
myskbräcka		(Saxifraga exarata ssp. moschata)
vippbräcka		(Saxifraga × geum)
mandelblomma		(Saxifraga granulata)
myrbräcka		(Saxifraga hirculus)
liten myrbräcka		(Saxifraga hirculus ssp. compacta)
stor myrbräcka		(Saxifraga hirculus ssp. hirculus)
pyramidbräcka		(Saxifraga hostii)
polarbräcka		(Saxifraga hyperborea)
mossbräcka		(Saxifraga hypnoides)
oppdalsbräcka		(Saxifraga × opdalensis)
purpurbräcka		(Saxifraga oppositifolia)
hällebräcka		(Saxifraga osloënsis)
silverbräcka		(Saxifraga paniculata)
bergbräcka		(Saxifraga paniculata ssp. laestadii)
äkta silverbräcka	(Saxifraga paniculata ssp. paniculata)
trådbräcka		(Saxifraga platysepala)
snöbräcka		(Saxifraga rivularis)
mattbräcka		(Saxifraga rosacea)
prickbräcka		(Saxifraga rotundifolia)
gyllenbräcka		(Saxifraga sibthorpii)
svalbardsbräcka		(Saxifraga svalbardensis)
grusbräcka		(Saxifraga tridactylites)
gaffelbräcka		(Saxifraga trifurcata)
skuggbräcka		(Saxifraga umbrosa)
porslinsbräcka		(Saxifraga × urbium)
gullbräcka × fjällbrud	(Saxifraga aizoides × cotyledon)
rosenbräcka × mandelblomma (Saxifraga × arendsii × granulata)
tuvbräcka × mandelblomma (Saxifraga cespitosa × granulata)
fjällbrud × bergbräcka	(Saxifraga cotyledon × paniculata ssp. laestadii)
fjällbrud × äkta silverbräcka (Saxifraga cotyledon × paniculata ssp. paniculata)
mandelblomma × mattbräcka (Saxifraga granulata × rosacea)
polarbräcka × snöbräcka (Saxifraga hyperborea × rivularis)
anagrambräcka		(Tellima grandiflora)
spetsmössa		(Tiarella cordifolia)
mor och barn		(Tolmiea menziesii)

# Crassulaceae
fyrling			(Crassula aquatica)
sydfyrling		(Crassula helmsii)
mosskrassula		(Crassula tillaea)
cirkelfetblad		(Hylotelephium anacampseros)
liten kärleksört	(Hylotelephium cauticola)
mongoliskt fetblad	(Hylotelephium ewersii)
japansk kärleksört	(Hylotelephium sieboldii)
kinesisk kärleksört	(Hylotelephium spectabile)
kärleksört		(Hylotelephium telephium)
vanlig kärleksört	(Hylotelephium telephium ssp. maximum)
finsk kärleksört	(Hylotelephium telephium ssp. ruprechtii)
röd kärleksört		(Hylotelephium telephium ssp. telephium)
höstkärleksört		(Hylotelephium spectabile × telephium)
våreld			(Kalanchoë blossfeldiana)
gyllenfetblad		(Phedimus aizoon)
japanskt fetblad	(Phedimus ellacombianus)
sibiriskt fetblad	(Phedimus hybridus)
kamtjatkafetblad	(Phedimus kamtschaticus)
kaukasiskt fetblad	(Phedimus spurius)
persiskt fetblad	(Phedimus stoloniferus)
rosenrot		(Rhodiola rosea)
rosettfetblad		(Rhodiola pachyclados)
gul fetknopp		(Sedum acre)
vit fetknopp		(Sedum album)
engelsk fetknopp	(Sedum anglicum)
liten fetknopp		(Sedum annuum)
luddfetknopp		(Sedum dasyphyllum)
tofsfetknopp		(Sedum forsterianum)
spenslig fetknopp	(Sedum gracile)
blek fetknopp		(Sedum hispanicum)
lydisk fetknopp		(Sedum lydium)
mexikansk fetknopp	(Sedum mexicanum)
korsfetknopp		(Sedum monregalense)
bergfetknopp		(Sedum montanum)
turkisk fetknopp	(Sedum pallidum)
stor fetknopp		(Sedum rupestre)
löparfetblad		(Sedum sarmentosum)
kantig fetknopp		(Sedum sexangulare)
kalifornisk fetknopp	(Sedum spathulifolium)
klippfetknopp		(Sedum stenopetalum)
klibbig fetknopp	(Sedum villosum)
spindelvävstaklök	(Sempervivum arachnoideum)
dolomit-taklök		(Sempervivum dolomiticum)
hammarbytaklök		(Sempervivum globiferum)
marmortaklök		(Sempervivum marmoreum)
taklök			(Sempervivum tectorum)
navelört		(Umbilicus rupestris)

# Haloragaceae
hårslinga		(Myriophyllum alterniflorum)
storslinga		(Myriophyllum aquaticum)
kamslinga		(Myriophyllum heterophyllum)
hästsvansslinga		(Myriophyllum hippuroides)
knoppslinga		(Myriophyllum sibiricum)
axslinga		(Myriophyllum spicatum)
kransslinga		(Myriophyllum verticillatum)

# Vitaceae
vildvin			(Parthenocissus inserta)
klättervildvin		(Parthenocissus quinquefolia)
rådhusvin		(Parthenocissus tricuspidata)
labruskavin		(Vitis labrusca)
vin			(Vitis vinifera)
frostvin		(Vitis vulpina)

# Zygophyllaceae
tiggarnöt		(Tribulus terrestris)
-			(Tribulus terrestris ssp. orientalis)
-			(Tribulus terrestris ssp. terrestris)

# Fabaceae
svartvedsakacia		(Acacia melanoxylon)
chileväppling		(Acmispon subpinnatus)
-			(Acmispon denticulatus)
-			(Aeschynomene americana)
kokko			(Albizia lebbeck)
segelbuske		(Amorpha fruticosa)
-			(Amphicarpaea bracteata)
getväppling		(Anthyllis vulneraria)
isländsk getväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria ssp. borealis)
stor getväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria ssp. carpatica)
-			(Anthyllis vulneraria var. pseudovulneraria)
dansk getväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria ssp. danica)
lapsk getväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria ssp. lapponica)
strandgetväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria ssp. maritima)
mångbladig getväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria ssp. polyphylla)
liten getväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria ssp. vulneraria)
röd getväppling		(Anthyllis vulneraria var. coccinea)
klittgetväppling	(Anthyllis vulneraria var. langei)
backgetväppling		(Anthyllis vulneraria var. vulneraria)
jordnöt			(Arachis hypogaea)
fjällvedel		(Astragalus alpinus)
ljus fjällvedel		(Astragalus alpinus var. alpinus)
mörk fjällvedel		(Astragalus alpinus var. arcticus)
sandvedel		(Astragalus arenarius)
kaffevedel		(Astragalus boeticus)
kolvvedel		(Astragalus canadensis)
kikvedel		(Astragalus cicer)
strandvedel		(Astragalus danicus)
storvedel		(Astragalus falcatus)
isvedel			(Astragalus frigidus)
sötvedel		(Astragalus glycyphyllos)
-			(Astragalus hamosus)
vippvedel		(Astragalus norvegicus)
smällvedel		(Astragalus penduliflorus)
kvarnvedel		(Astragalus scorpioides)
-			(Astragalus varius)
sågväppling		(Biserrula pelecinus)
häckkaragan		(Caragana arborescens)
lyckobladsbuske		(Caragana frutex)
johannesbröd		(Ceratonia siliqua)
-			(Chamaecrista nictitans)
vidjeginst		(Chamaecytisus elongatus)
luddginst		(Chamaecytisus hirsutus)
rosenginst		(Chamaecytisus purpureus)
huvudginst		(Chamaecytisus supinus)
brokginst		(Chamaecytisus × versicolor)
kikärt			(Cicer arietinum)
blåsärt			(Colutea arborescens)
hybridblåsärt		(Colutea × media)
maskkronill		(Coronilla scorpioides)
sunnhampa		(Crotalaria juncea)
-			(Crotalaria senegalensis)
-			(Cullen americanum)
-			(Cullen tenax)
krypginst		(Cytisus decumbens)
svartginst		(Cytisus nigricans)
vårginst		(Cytisus × praecox)
harris			(Cytisus scoparius)
-			(Dorycnium herbaceum)
trädgårdsgetruta	(Galega × hartlandii)
getruta			(Galega officinalis)
fodergetruta		(Galega orientalis)
nålginst		(Genista anglica)
tysk ginst		(Genista germanica)
hårginst		(Genista pilosa)
vingginst		(Genista sagittalis)
färgginst		(Genista tinctoria)
stor färgginst		(Genista tinctoria ssp. elatior)
liten färgginst		(Genista tinctoria ssp. tinctoria)
korstörne		(Gleditsia triacanthos)
sojaböna		(Glycine max)
vild sojaböna		(Glycine soia)
rosenväppling		(Hedysarum coronarium)
-			(Hedysarum hedysaroides)
-			(Hedysarum spinosissimum)
hästskoklöver		(Hippocrepis comosa)
gulkronill		(Hippocrepis emerus)
sydkronill		(Hippocrepis emerus ssp. emeroides)
äkta gulkronill		(Hippocrepis emerus ssp. emerus)
-			(Hippocrepis unisiliquosa)
-			(Hymenocarpos hispanicus)
rosenindigo		(Indigofera heterantha)
japansk buskklöver	(Kummerowia striata)
gullregn		(Laburnum)
alpgullregn		(Laburnum alpinum)
sydgullregn		(Laburnum anagyroides)
hybridgullregn		(Laburnum × watereri)
vinkelvial		(Lathyrus angulatus)
fodervial		(Lathyrus annuus)
spjutvial		(Lathyrus aphaca)
rödvial			(Lathyrus cicera)
bandvial		(Lathyrus clymenum)
brandvial		(Lathyrus gorgoni)
jättevial		(Lathyrus grandiflorus)
luddvial		(Lathyrus hirsutus)
dvärgvial		(Lathyrus inconspicuus)
sabelvial		(Lathyrus incurvus)
strandvial		(Lathyrus japonicus)
arktisk strandvial	(Lathyrus japonicus ssp. japonicus)
vanlig strandvial	(Lathyrus japonicus ssp. maritimus)
småbladig strandvial	(Lathyrus japonicus var. acutifolius)
kal strandvial		(Lathyrus japonicus var. glaber)
hårig strandvial	(Lathyrus japonicus var. pubescens)
guldärt			(Lathyrus laevigatus)
rosenvial/vingvial	(Lathyrus latifolius)
vingvial		(Lathyrus latifolius ssp. heterophyllus)
rosenvial		(Lathyrus latifolius ssp. latifolius)
gökärt			(Lathyrus linifolius)
vippärt			(Lathyrus niger)
gräsvial		(Lathyrus nissolia)
skaftvial		(Lathyrus ochrus)
luktärt			(Lathyrus odoratus)
kärrvial		(Lathyrus palustris)
ärtvial			(Lathyrus pisiformis)
gulvial			(Lathyrus pratensis)
rundvial		(Lathyrus rotundifolius)
praktvial		(Lathyrus rotundifolius ssp. miniatus)
äkta rundvial		(Lathyrus rotundifolius ssp. rotundifolius)
plattvial		(Lathyrus sativus)
vårvial			(Lathyrus sphaericus)
backvial		(Lathyrus sylvestris)
spanskvial		(Lathyrus tingitanus)
knölvial		(Lathyrus tuberosus)
-			(Lathyrus venetus)
vårärt			(Lathyrus vernus)
lins			(Lens culinaris)
vildlins		(Lens nigricans)
-			(Lespedeza cuneata)
dvärgkäringtand		(Lotus angustissimus)
-			(Lotus conimbricensis)
käringtand		(Lotus corniculatus)
åskäringtand		(Lotus corniculatus var. arenosus)
fjällkäringtand		(Lotus corniculatus var. borealis)
vanlig käringtand	(Lotus corniculatus var. corniculatus)
finsk käringtand	(Lotus corniculatus var. maritimus)
foderkäringtand		(Lotus corniculatus var. sativus)
klöverärt		(Lotus maritimus)
-			(Lotus parviflorus)
sumpkäringtand		(Lotus pedunculatus)
äkta sumpkäringtand	(Lotus pedunculatus var. pedunculatus)
= stor käringtand
klittkäringtand		(Lotus pedunculatus var. villosus)
borstig käringtand	(Lotus subbiflorus)
smal käringtand		(Lotus tenuis)
sparrisärt		(Lotus tetragonolobus)
vitlupin		(Lupinus albus)
blålupin		(Lupinus angustifolius)
gul busklupin		(Lupinus arboreus)
arktisk lupin		(Lupinus arcticus)
gullupin		(Lupinus luteus)
sandlupin		(Lupinus nootkatensis)
gruslupin		(Lupinus perennis)
-			(Lupinus pilosus)
blomsterlupin		(Lupinus polyphyllus)
= lupin
regnbågslupin		(Lupinus × regalis)
sandlupin × blomsterlupin (Lupinus nootkatensis × polyphyllus)
maackia			(Maackia amurensis)
fläcklusern		(Medicago arabica)
glandellusern		(Medicago ciliaris)
-			(Medicago crassipes)
-			(Medicago doliata)
flätlusern		(Medicago intertexta)
schimperlusern/traslusern (Medicago laciniata)
schimperlusern		(Medicago laciniata ssp. brevispina)
traslusern		(Medicago laciniata ssp. laciniata)
mattlusern		(Medicago littoralis)
humlelusern		(Medicago lupulina)
sandlusern		(Medicago minima)
sabellusern		(Medicago monantha)
fransklusern		(Medicago monspeliaca)
klotlusern		(Medicago murex)
hjullusern		(Medicago orbicularis)
hornlusern		(Medicago orthoceras)
perserlusern		(Medicago persica)
-			(Medicago phrygia)
-			(Medicago polyceratia)
tagglusern		(Medicago polymorpha)
vårlusern		(Medicago praecox)
styvlusern		(Medicago rigidula)
foderlusern		(Medicago sativa)
gullusern		(Medicago sativa ssp. falcata)
kvarnlusern		(Medicago sativa ssp. glomerata)
blålusern		(Medicago sativa ssp. sativa)
mellanlusern		(Medicago sativa ssp. × varia)
snäcklusern		(Medicago scutellata)
-			(Medicago secundiflora)
skivlusern		(Medicago tornata)
tornlusern		(Medicago truncatula)
knöllusern		(Medicago turbinata)
vit sötväppling		(Melilotus albus)
stor sötväppling	(Melilotus altissimus)
strandsötväppling	(Melilotus dentatus)
dvärgsötväppling	(Melilotus indicus)
-			(Melilotus indicus ssp. indicus)
-			(Melilotus indicus ssp. tommasinii)
åkersötväppling		(Melilotus infestus)
-			(Melilotus neapolitanus)
gul sötväppling		(Melilotus officinalis)
tät sötväppling		(Melilotus segetalis)
marsksötväppling	(Melilotus siculus)
kinesisk sötväppling	(Melilotus suaveolens)
ribbsötväppling		(Melilotus sulcatus)
rysk sötväppling	(Melilotus wolgicus)
vit sötväppling × stor sötväppling (Melilotus albus × altissimus)
vit sötväppling × gul sötväppling (Melilotus albus × officinalis)
sensitiva		(Mimosa pudica)
esparsett		(Onobrychis viciifolia)
-			(Ononis alopecuroides)
-			(Ononis maweana)
-			(Ononis mitissima)
dvärgpuktörne		(Ononis serrata)
åsnetörne		(Ononis spinosa)
stallört		(Ononis spinosa ssp. hircina)
puktörne		(Ononis spinosa ssp. procurrens)
busktörne		(Ononis spinosa ssp. spinosa)
puktörne × busktörne	(Ononis spinosa ssp. procurrens × ssp. spinosa)
gulserradella		(Ornithopus compressus)
dvärgserradella		(Ornithopus perpusillus)
glappserradella		(Ornithopus pinnatus)
serradella		(Ornithopus sativus)
-			(Ornithopus sativus ssp. isthmocarpus)
-			(Ornithopus sativus ssp. sativus)
fältvedel		(Oxytropis campestris)
vanlig fältvedel	(Oxytropis campestris ssp. campestris)
skredvedel		(Oxytropis campestris ssp. scotica)
ryssvedel		(Oxytropis campestris ssp. sordida)
-			(Oxytropis deflexa)
masivedel		(Oxytropis deflexa ssp. norvegica)
lappvedel		(Oxytropis lapponica)
luddvedel		(Oxytropis pilosa)
rosenböna		(Phaseolus coccineus)
böna			(Phaseolus vulgaris)
ärt			(Pisum sativum)
foderärt		(Pisum sativum var. arvense)
trädgårdsärt		(Pisum sativum var. sativum)
mesquite		(Prosopis juliflora)
-			(Pueraria montana)
kudzuböna		(Pueraria montana var. lobata)
rosenrobinia		(Robinia hispida)
robinia			(Robinia pseudoacacia)
skorpionärt		(Scorpiurus muricatus)
maskärt			(Scorpiurus vermiculatus)
sabelväppling		(Securigera securidaca)
rosenkronill		(Securigera varia)
senna			(Senna alexandrina)
-			(Senna italica)
amerikansk senna	(Senna marilandica)
sojasenna		(Senna obtusifolia)
-			(Senna occidentalis)
-			(Senna tora)
-			(Sesbania herbacea)
-			(Sesbania sesban)
-			(Strophostyles leiosperma)
pagodträd		(Styphnolobium japonicum)
japansk lupinväppling	(Thermopsis fabacea)
asiatisk lupinväppling	(Thermopsis lanceolata)
lupinväppling		(Thermopsis montana)
-			(Trifolium affine)
alexandrinerklöver	(Trifolium alexandrinum)
alpklöver		(Trifolium alpestre)
-			(Trifolium ambiguum)
luddklöver		(Trifolium angustifolium)
pergamentklöver		(Trifolium argutum)
harklöver		(Trifolium arvense)
-			(Trifolium aurantiacum)
gullklöver		(Trifolium aureum)
humleklöver		(Trifolium badium)
jordklöver		(Trifolium campestre)
nickklöver		(Trifolium cernuum)
-			(Trifolium cherleri)
-			(Trifolium ciliolatum)
turkklöver		(Trifolium constantinopolitanum)
-			(Trifolium diffusum)
trådklöver		(Trifolium dubium)
igelkottsklöver		(Trifolium echinatum)
smultronklöver		(Trifolium fragiferum)
nystklöver		(Trifolium glomeratum)
rosenklöver		(Trifolium hirtum)
alsikeklöver		(Trifolium hybridum)
liten alsikeklöver	(Trifolium hybridum ssp. elegans)
vanlig alsikeklöver	(Trifolium hybridum ssp. hybridum)
blodklöver		(Trifolium incarnatum)
kardborrsklöver		(Trifolium lappaceum)
bollklöver		(Trifolium leucanthum)
lupinklöver		(Trifolium lupinaster)
skogsklöver		(Trifolium medium)
sumpklöver		(Trifolium michelianum)
spädklöver		(Trifolium micranthum)
kalifornisk klöver	(Trifolium microcephalum)
backklöver		(Trifolium montanum)
härmklöver		(Trifolium nigrescens)
liten härmklöver	(Trifolium nigrescens ssp. nigrescens)
stor härmklöver		(Trifolium nigrescens ssp. petrisavii)
blekklöver		(Trifolium ochroleucon)
fågelfotsklöver		(Trifolium ornithopodioides)
grenklöver		(Trifolium pallidum)
ungersk klöver		(Trifolium pannonicum)
-			(Trifolium patens)
rödklöver		(Trifolium pratense)
amerikansk rödklöver	(Trifolium pratense var. americanum)
strandrödklöver		(Trifolium pratense var. maritimum)
ängsrödklöver		(Trifolium pratense var. pratense)
foderrödklöver		(Trifolium pratense var. sativum)
vitklöver		(Trifolium repens)
doftklöver		(Trifolium resupinatum)
= luktklöver
stor doftklöver		(Trifolium resupinatum var. majus)
liten doftklöver	(Trifolium resupinatum var. resupinatum)
småklöver		(Trifolium retusum)
purpurklöver		(Trifolium rubens)
strävklöver		(Trifolium scabrum)
brunklöver		(Trifolium spadiceum)
smällklöver		(Trifolium spumosum)
-			(Trifolium squamosum)
spärrklöver		(Trifolium squarrosum)
stjärnklöver		(Trifolium stellatum)
strimklöver		(Trifolium striatum)
styvklöver		(Trifolium strictum)
grävklöver		(Trifolium subterraneum)
musklöver		(Trifolium suffocatum)
ullklöver		(Trifolium tomentosum)
-			(Trifolium vesiculosum)
-			(Trifolium willdenovii)
blåväppling		(Trigonella caerulea)
-			(Trigonella calliceras)
sabeltrigonella		(Trigonella corniculata)
bockhornsklöver		(Trigonella foenum-graecum)
-			(Trigonella glabra)
lanstrigonella		(Trigonella gladiata)
-			(Trigonella grandiflora)
-			(Trigonella hierosolymitana)
-			(Trigonella laciniata)
sandtrigonella		(Trigonella maritima)
vildblåväppling		(Trigonella procumbens)
-			(Trigonella spicata)
ärttörne		(Ulex europaeus)
-			(Ulex galli)
dvärgtörne		(Ulex minor)
spanskvicker		(Vicia articulata)
purpurvicker		(Vicia benghalensis)
högvicker		(Vicia biennis)
turkvicker		(Vicia bithynica)
backvicker		(Vicia cassubica)
kråkvicker		(Vicia cracca)
kretavicker		(Vicia cretica)
smyrnavicker		(Vicia cuspidata)
-			(Vicia dalmatica)
mesvicker		(Vicia disperma)
buskvicker		(Vicia dumetorum)
finkvicker		(Vicia durandii)
linsvicker		(Vicia ervilia)
bondböna		(Vicia faba)
storvicker		(Vicia grandiflora)
duvvicker		(Vicia hirsuta)
solvicker		(Vicia hybrida)
vaxvicker		(Vicia hyrcanica)
vårvicker		(Vicia lathyroides)
gulvicker		(Vicia lutea)
brokvicker		(Vicia melanops)
vimpelvicker		(Vicia monantha)
klotvicker/tandvicker	(Vicia narbonensis)
klotvicker		(Vicia narbonensis ssp. narbonensis)
tandvicker		(Vicia narbonensis ssp. serratifolia)
ljungvicker		(Vicia orobus)
strimvicker/ungersk vicker (Vicia pannonica)
ungersk vicker		(Vicia pannonica ssp. pannonica)
strimvicker		(Vicia pannonica ssp. striata)
finvicker		(Vicia parviflora)
pilgrimsvicker		(Vicia peregrina)
ärtvicker		(Vicia pisiformis)
åkervicker		(Vicia sativa)
liten sommarvicker	(Vicia sativa ssp. nigra)
fodervicker		(Vicia sativa ssp. sativa)
stor sommarvicker	(Vicia sativa ssp. segetalis)
häckvicker		(Vicia sepium)
nordhäckvicker		(Vicia sepium ssp. montana)
sydhäckvicker		(Vicia sepium ssp. sepium)
skogsvicker		(Vicia sylvatica)
tät skogsvicker		(Vicia sylvatica var. condensata)
vanlig skogsvicker	(Vicia sylvatica var. sylvatica)
luktvicker		(Vicia tenuifolia)
sparvvicker		(Vicia tetrasperma)
praktvicker		(Vicia unijuga)
luddvicker		(Vicia villosa)
hamnvicker		(Vicia villosa ssp. ambigua)
kvarnvicker		(Vicia villosa ssp. varia)
vanlig luddvicker	(Vicia villosa ssp. villosa)
mungböna		(Vigna radiata)
bambarajordnöt		(Vigna subterranea)
blåregn			(Wisteria sinensis)
japanskt blåregn	(Wisteria floribunda)

# Polygalaceae
rosettjungfrulin	(Polygala amarella)
toppjungfrulin		(Polygala comosa)
hedjungfrulin		(Polygala serpyllifolia)
jungfrulin		(Polygala vulgaris)
backjungfrulin		(Polygala vulgaris ssp. collina)
spetsjungfrulin		(Polygala vulgaris ssp. oxyptera)
-			(Polygala vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
-			(Polygala vulgaris var. vulgaris)
atlantiskt jungfrulin	(Polygala vulgaris var. ballii)

# Rosaceae
grov taggpimpinell	(Acaena anserinifolia)
brun taggpimpinell	(Acaena microphylla)
liten taggpimpinell	(Acaena novae-zelandiae)
-			(Acaena ovalifolia)
småborre		(Agrimonia eupatoria)
rysk småborre		(Agrimonia pilosa)
luktsmåborre		(Agrimonia procera)
-			(Agrimonia repens)
småborre × luktsmåborre (Agrimonia × wirtgenii)
kalkkåpa		(Alchemilla alpigena)
fjällkåpa		(Alchemilla alpina)
alpkåpa			(Alchemilla conjuncta)
färökåpa		(Alchemilla faeroënsis)
stor färökåpa		(Alchemilla faeroënsis var. faeroënsis)
liten färökåpa		(Alchemilla faeroënsis var. pumila)
norddalsdaggkåpa	(Alchemilla semidivisa)
daggkåpa		(Alchemilla vulgaris)
stjärndaggkåpa		(Alchemilla acutiloba)
örondaggkåpa		(Alchemilla auriculata)
baltisk daggkåpa	(Alchemilla baltica)
norddaggkåpa		(Alchemilla borealis)
handkåpa		(Alchemilla chirophylla)
bergdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla connivens)
vågdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla cymatophylla)
rödskaftig daggkåpa	(Alchemilla erythropoda)
borgsjödaggkåpa		(Alchemilla eversiana)
späddaggkåpa/vindaggkåpa (Alchemilla filicaulis)
späddaggkåpa		(Alchemilla filicaulis var. filicaulis)
vindaggkåpa		(Alchemilla filicaulis var. vestita)
vårtdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla gibberulosa)
glatt daggkåpa		(Alchemilla glabra)
glattstjälksdaggkåpa	(Alchemilla glabricaulis)
sammetsdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla glaucescens)
källdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla glomerulans)
sjuhörnig daggkåpa	(Alchemilla heptagona)
styvhårig daggkåpa	(Alchemilla hirsuticaulis)
sidendaggkåpa		(Alchemilla hybrida)
slätdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla leiophylla)
glansdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla micans)
jättedaggkåpa		(Alchemilla mollis)
betesdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla monticola)
njurdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla murbeckiana)
norsk daggkåpa		(Alchemilla norvegica)
oljedaggkåpa		(Alchemilla oleosa)
skarptandad daggkåpa	(Alchemilla oxyodonta)
trubbdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla plicata)
ryssdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla polemochora)
hjuldaggkåpa		(Alchemilla propinqua)
styvdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla rigida)
stubbdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla samuelssonii)
sarmatisk daggkåpa	(Alchemilla sarmatica)
måndaggkåpa		(Alchemilla semilunaris)
silkesdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla sericata)
praktdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla speciosa)
ängsdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla subcrenata)
valldaggkåpa		(Alchemilla subglobosa)
tärnadaggkåpa		(Alchemilla taernaënsis)
skårdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla wichurae)
kustdaggkåpa		(Alchemilla xanthochlora)
sen häggmispel		(Amelanchier alnifolia)
svensk häggmispel	(Amelanchier confusa)
kopparhäggmispel	(Amelanchier laevis)
prakthäggmispel		(Amelanchier lamarckii)
berghäggmispel		(Amelanchier ovalis)
häggmispel		(Amelanchier spicata)
svensk häggmispel × prakthäggmispel (Amelanchier confusa × lamarckii)
storjungfrukam		(Aphanes arvensis)
= jungfrukam
småjungfrukam		(Aphanes australis)
= småfruktig jungfrukam
kronjungfrukam		(Aphanes microcarpa)
aremonia		(Aremonia agrimonoides)
gåsört			(Argentina anserina)
vanlig gåsört		(Argentina anserina ssp. anserina)
grönlandsgåsört		(Argentina anserina ssp. groenlandica)
rödaronia		(Aronia arbutifolia)
svartaronia		(Aronia melanocarpa)
slånaronia		(Aronia × prunifolia)
koreansk plymspirea	(Aruncus aethusifolius)
plymspirea		(Aruncus dioicus)
sibirisk plymspirea	(Aruncus parvulus)
liten rosenkvitten	(Chaenomeles japonica)
stor rosenkvitten	(Chaenomeles speciosa)
hybridrosenkvitten	(Chaenomeles × superba)
rosensmultron		(× Comagaria rosea)
kråkklöver		(Comarum palustre)
oxbär			(Cotoneaster)
mattoxbär		(Cotoneaster adpressus)
spaljéoxbär		(Cotoneaster ascendens)
mörkt lingonoxbär	(Cotoneaster atropurpureus)
rynkoxbär		(Cotoneaster bullatus)
fageroxbär		(Cotoneaster calocarpus)
alvaroxbär		(Cotoneaster canescens)
krypoxbär		(Cotoneaster dammeri)
rosenoxbär		(Cotoneaster dielsianus)
spärroxbär		(Cotoneaster divaricatus)
= spärrgrenigt oxbär
stort blodoxbär		(Cotoneaster fangianus)
färgoxbär		(Cotoneaster foveolatus)
koralloxbär		(Cotoneaster franchetii)
stort lingonoxbär	(Cotoneaster hjelmqvistii)
lingonoxbär		(Cotoneaster horizontalis)
aroniaoxbär		(Cotoneaster hummelii)
-			(Cotoneaster ignescens)
pamiroxbär		(Cotoneaster insignis)
rött oxbär		(Cotoneaster integerrimus)
himalayaoxbär		(Cotoneaster integrifolius)
skånskt oxbär		(Cotoneaster kullensis)
ljusbladigt oxbär	(Cotoneaster laetevirens)
bredoxbär		(Cotoneaster latifolius)
häckoxbär		(Cotoneaster lucidus)
moupinoxbär		(Cotoneaster moupinensis)
flockoxbär		(Cotoneaster multiflorus)
klippoxbär		(Cotoneaster nanshan)
nepaloxbär		(Cotoneaster nepalensis)
svartoxbär		(Cotoneaster niger)
småbladigt lingonoxbär	(Cotoneaster perpusillus)
przewalskioxbär		(Cotoneaster przewalskii)
tyskt oxbär		(Cotoneaster pyrenaicus)
rundbladigt oxbär	(Cotoneaster rotundifolius)
videoxbär		(Cotoneaster salicifolius)
praktoxbär		(Cotoneaster splendens)
skogholmsoxbär		(Cotoneaster × suecicus)
indiskt oxbär		(Cotoneaster symondsii)
stäppoxbär		(Cotoneaster tomentellus)
ulloxbär		(Cotoneaster tomentosus)
veitchoxbär		(Cotoneaster veitchii)
spetsoxbär		(Cotoneaster villosulus)
hagtorn			(Crataegus)
skafthagtorn		(Crataegus coccinea)
sporrhagtorn		(Crataegus crus-galli)
douglashagtorn		(Crataegus douglasii)
kanadahagtorn		(Crataegus flabellata)
äkta kanadahagtorn	(Crataegus flabellata var. flabellata)
häckhagtorn		(Crataegus flabellata var. grayana)
rundhagtorn		(Crataegus laevigata)
glanshagtorn		(Crataegus × lavallei)
spjuthagtorn		(Crataegus macracantha)
rundhagtorn × flikhagtorn (Crataegus × macrocarpa)
rundhagtorn × korallhagtorn (Crataegus × macrocarpa var. hadensis)
rundhagtorn × spetshagtorn (Crataegus × macrocarpa var. macrocarpa)
hybridhagtorn		(Crataegus × media)
trubbhagtorn		(Crataegus monogyna)
luddhagtorn		(Crataegus orientalis)
sylhagtorn		(Crataegus × persimilis)
kinesisk hagtorn	(Crataegus pinnatifida)
prickhagtorn		(Crataegus punctata)
flikhagtorn		(Crataegus rhipidophylla)
korallhagtorn		(Crataegus rhipidophylla var. lindmanii)
spetshagtorn		(Crataegus rhipidophylla var. rhipidophylla)
sibirisk hagtorn	(Crataegus sanguinea)
trädhagtorn		(Crataegus submollis)
trubbhagtorn × flikhagtorn (Crataegus × subsphaerica)
trubbhagtorn × korallhagtorn (Crataegus × subsphaerica var. domicensis)
trubbhagtorn × spetshagtorn (Crataegus × subsphaerica var. subsphaerica)
-			(Crataegus wattiana)
kvitten			(Cydonia oblonga)
tok			(Dasiphora fruticosa)
sydtok			(Dasiphora fruticosa ssp. floribunda)
ölandstok		(Dasiphora fruticosa ssp. fruticosa)
rysk vittok		(Dasiphora glabrata)
fjällsippa		(Dryas octopetala)
-			(Drymocallis arguta)
trollsmultron		(Drymocallis rupestris)
japansk mispel		(Eriobotrya japonica)
pärlbuske		(Exochorda racemosa)
-			(Exochorda × macrantha)
jätteälggräs		(Filipendula camtschatica)
japanskt älggräs	(Filipendula purpurea)
amerikanskt älggräs	(Filipendula rubra)
älggräs			(Filipendula ulmaria)
brudbröd		(Filipendula vulgaris)
jordgubbe		(Fragaria × ananassa)
jättesmultron		(Fragaria chiloënsis)
parksmultron		(Fragaria moschata)
smultron		(Fragaria vesca)
smulgubbe		(Fragaria × vescana)
scharlakanssmultron	(Fragaria virginiana)
backsmultron		(Fragaria viridis)
jordgubbe × parksmultron (Fragaria × ananassa × moschata)
jättesmultron × smultron (Fragaria chiloënsis × vesca)
jättesmultron × backsmultron (Fragaria chiloënsis × viridis)
parksmultron × smultron (Fragaria moschata × vesca)
parksmultron × backsmultron (Fragaria moschata × viridis)
smultron × backsmultron (Fragaria vesca × viridis)
rysk nejlikrot		(Geum aleppicum)
röd nejlikrot		(Geum coccineum)
-			(Geum × heldreichii)
sträv nejlikrot		(Geum hispidum)
amerikansk nejlikrot	(Geum macrophyllum)
stor nejlikrot		(Geum macrophyllum ssp. macrophyllum)
vägnejlikrot		(Geum macrophyllum ssp. perincisum)
-			(Geum quellyon)
humleblomster		(Geum rivale)
vanligt humleblomster	(Geum rivale var. rivale)
stort humleblomster	(Geum rivale var. subalpinum)
-			(Geum × sudeticum)
nejlikrot		(Geum urbanum)
rysk nejlikrot × nejlikrot (Geum aleppicum × urbanum)
röd nejlikrot × humleblomster (Geum coccineum × rivale)
sträv nejlikrot × nejlikrot (Geum hispidum × urbanum)
amerikansk nejlikrot × humleblomster (Geum macrophyllum × rivale)
amerikansk nejlikrot × nejlikrot (Geum macrophyllum × urbanum)
-			(Geum quellyon × rivale)
humleblomster × nejlikrot (Geum rivale × urbanum)
gillenia		(Gillenia trifoliata)
vippspirea		(Holodiscus discolor)
kerria			(Kerria japonica)
karminapel		(Malus × atrosanguinea)
bärapel			(Malus baccata)
apel			(Malus domestica)
rosenapel		(Malus floribunda)
sibirisk apel		(Malus prunifolia)
purpurapel		(Malus × purpurea)
vildapel		(Malus sylvestris)
rönnbärsapel		(Malus toringo)
bukettapel		(Malus toringo var. sargentii)
apel × vildapel		(Malus domestica × sylvestris)
mispel			(Mespilus germanica)
stefanandra		(Neillia incisa)
klockspirea		(Neillia sinensis)
glansmispel		(Photinia villosa)
koreansk smällspirea	(Physocarpus amurensis)
skir smällspirea	(Physocarpus malvaceus)
coloradosmällspirea	(Physocarpus monogynus)
smällspirea		(Physocarpus opulifolius)
vit fingerört		(Potentilla alba)
-			(Potentilla alchemilloides)
revig blodrot		(Potentilla anglica)
femfingerört		(Potentilla argentea)
vanlig femfingerört	(Potentilla argentea var. argentea)
liten femfingerört	(Potentilla argentea var. demissa)
blodfingerört/silkesfingerört (Potentilla atrosanguinea)
silkesfingerört		(Potentilla atrosanguinea var. argyrophylla)
blodfingerört		(Potentilla atrosanguinea var. atrosanguinea)
gullfingerört		(Potentilla aurea)
-			(Potentilla buccoana)
bergfingerört		(Potentilla caulescens)
klippfingerört		(Potentilla chamissonis)
vårfingerört		(Potentilla crantzii)
blodrot			(Potentilla erecta)
luddfingerört		(Potentilla heptaphylla)
raggfingerört		(Potentilla hyparctica)
gråfingerört		(Potentilla incana)
rysk fingerört		(Potentilla inclinata)
skensmultron		(Potentilla indica)
svalbardsfingerört	(Potentilla insularis)
finsk fingerört		(Potentilla intermedia)
-			(Potentilla leucopolitana)
storblommig fingerört	(Potentilla megalantha)
späd fingerört		(Potentilla micrantha)
mångfingerört		(Potentilla multifida)
stor femfingerört	(Potentilla neglecta)
indisk fingerört	(Potentilla nepalensis)
lappfingerört		(Potentilla nivea)
norsk fingerört		(Potentilla norvegica)
-			(Potentilla norvegica ssp. hirsuta)
-			(Potentilla norvegica ssp. norvegica)
-			(Potentilla pensylvanica)
tuvfingerört		(Potentilla pulchella)
skönfingerört		(Potentilla pulcherrima)
styv fingerört		(Potentilla recta)
-			(Potentilla recta ssp. pilosa)
-			(Potentilla recta ssp. recta)
revfingerört		(Potentilla reptans)
smultronfingerört	(Potentilla sterilis)
backfingerört		(Potentilla sterneri)
grå småfingerört	(Potentilla subarenaria)
kvarnfingerört		(Potentilla supina)
sibirisk kvarnfingerört (Potentilla supina ssp. costata)
amerikansk kvarnfingerört (Potentilla supina ssp. paradoxa)
europeisk kvarnfingerört (Potentilla supina ssp. supina)
fjäderfingerört		(Potentilla tergemina)
tysk fingerört		(Potentilla thuringiaca)
-			(Potentilla thuringiaca ssp. goldbachii)
-			(Potentilla thuringiaca ssp. thuringiaca)
småfingerört		(Potentilla verna)
revig blodrot × blodrot (Potentilla anglica × erecta)
revig blodrot × revfingerört (Potentilla anglica × reptans)
femfingerört × gråfingerört (Potentilla argentea × incana)
femfingerört × styv fingerört (Potentilla argentea × recta)
femfingerört × backfingerört (Potentilla argentea × sterneri)
femfingerört × småfingerört (Potentilla argentea × verna)
klippfingerört × vårfingerört (Potentilla chamissonis × crantzii)
klippfingerört × lappfingerört (Potentilla chamissonis × nivea)
vårfingerört × lappfingerört (Potentilla crantzii × nivea)
vårfingerört × småfingerört (Potentilla crantzii × verna)
blodrot × revfingerört	(Potentilla erecta × reptans)
luddfingerört × gråfingerört (Potentilla heptaphylla × incana)
luddfingerört × småfingerört (Potentilla heptaphylla × verna)
rysk fingerört × styv fingerört (Potentilla inclinata × recta)
finsk fingerört × norsk fingerört (Potentilla intermedia × norvegica)
pimpinell		(Poterium sanguisorba)
vingpimpinell		(Poterium sanguisorba ssp. balearicum)
äkta pimpinell		(Poterium sanguisorba ssp. sanguisorba)
vårtpimpinell		(Poterium verrucosum)
aprikos			(Prunus armeniaca)
sötkörsbär		(Prunus avium)
= fågelbär
-			(Prunus campanulata)
körsbärsplommon		(Prunus cerasifera)
surkörsbär		(Prunus cerasus)
svartplommon		(Prunus × cistena)
krikon/plommon		(Prunus domestica)
plommon			(Prunus domestica ssp. domestica)
krikon			(Prunus domestica ssp. insititia)
mandel			(Prunus dulcis)
lagerhägg		(Prunus laurocerasus)
näverhägg		(Prunus maackii)
vejksel			(Prunus mahaleb)
hägg			(Prunus padus)
nordhägg		(Prunus padus ssp. borealis)
vanlig hägg		(Prunus padus ssp. padus)
amerikanskt häggkörsbär (Prunus pensylvanica)
persika			(Prunus persica)
sandkörsbär		(Prunus pumila)
-			(Prunus pumila var. depressa)
bergkörsbär		(Prunus sargentii)
glanshägg		(Prunus serotina)
japanskt prydnadskörsbär (Prunus serrulata)
slån			(Prunus spinosa)
dvärgmandel		(Prunus tenella)
luddkörsbär		(Prunus tomentosa)
rosenmandel		(Prunus triloba)
virginiahägg		(Prunus virginiana)
sötkörsbär × surkörsbär (Prunus avium × cerasus)
körsbärsplommon × krikon (Prunus cerasifera × domestica ssp. instita)
körsbärsplommon × slån	(Prunus cerasifera × spinosa)
krikon/plommon × slån	(Prunus domestica × spinosa)
plommon × slån		(Prunus domestica ssp. domestica × spinosa)
krikon × slån		(Prunus domestica ssp. insititia × spinosa)
eldtorn			(Pyracantha coccinea)
päron			(Pyrus communis)
vildpäron		(Pyrus pyraster)
vitbladigt päron	(Pyrus salicifolia)
finnros			(Rosa acicularis)
åkerros			(Rosa agrestis)
jungfruros		(Rosa × alba)
flikros			(Rosa balsamica)
persisk ärtros		(Rosa beggeriana)
labradorros		(Rosa blanda)
macartneyros		(Rosa bracteata)
kalifornisk ros		(Rosa californica)
stenros			(Rosa canina)
kal stenros		(Rosa canina ssp. canina)
hårig stenros		(Rosa canina ssp. dumetorum)
carolinaros		(Rosa carolina)
centifoliaros		(Rosa × centifolia)
damascenerros		(Rosa × damascena)
taigaros		(Rosa davurica)
nyponros		(Rosa dumalis)
= nypon
hårig nyponros		(Rosa dumalis ssp. coriifolia)
kal nyponros		(Rosa dumalis ssp. dumalis)
kal mellanros		(Rosa dumalis ssp. subcanina)
hårig mellanros		(Rosa dumalis ssp. subcollina)
tyskros			(Rosa elliptica)
turkisk gulros		(Rosa foetida)
kyrkogårdsros		(Rosa × francofurtana)
provinsros		(Rosa gallica)
-			(Rosa glabrifolia)
daggros			(Rosa glauca)
gul pimpinellros	(Rosa × harisonii)
kinesisk gulros		(Rosa hugonis)
västkustros		(Rosa inodora)
ryssros			(Rosa jundzillii)
-			(Rosa laxa)
kanelros		(Rosa majalis)
äkta kanelros		(Rosa majalis var. majalis)
gårdsros		(Rosa × malyi)
sydäppelros		(Rosa micrantha)
hartsros		(Rosa mollis)
mandarinros		(Rosa moyesii)
japansk klätterros	(Rosa multiflora)
dockros			(Rosa nitida)
carolinaglansros	(Rosa × obovata)
bergros			(Rosa pendulina)
borstros		(Rosa pseudoscabriuscula)
äppelros		(Rosa rubiginosa)
vresros			(Rosa rugosa)
dockvresros		(Rosa × rugotida)
vingros			(Rosa sericea)
luddros			(Rosa sherardii)
holländsk ros		(Rosa × spaethiana)
= kamtjatkaros
pimpinellros		(Rosa spinosissima)
filtros			(Rosa tomentosa)
plommonros		(Rosa villosa)
glansros		(Rosa virginiana)
flikros × stenros	(Rosa balsamica × canina)
flikros × nyponros	(Rosa balsamica × dumalis)
stenros × nyponros	(Rosa canina × dumalis)
stenros × hartsros	(Rosa canina × mollis)
stenros × äppelros	(Rosa canina × rubiginosa)
stenros × luddros	(Rosa canina × sherardii)
stenros × pimpinellros	(Rosa canina × spinosissima)
stenros × plommonros	(Rosa canina × villosa)
nyponros × västkustros	(Rosa dumalis × inodora)
nyponros × kanelros	(Rosa dumalis × majalis)
nyponros × hartsros	(Rosa dumalis × mollis)
nyponros × äppelros	(Rosa dumalis × rubiginosa)
nyponros × luddros	(Rosa dumalis × sherardii)
västkustros × hartsros	(Rosa inodora × mollis)
kanelros × hartsros	(Rosa majalis × mollis)
kanelros × vresros	(Rosa majalis × rugosa)
hartsros × äppelros	(Rosa mollis × rubiginosa)
hartsros × luddros	(Rosa mollis × sherardii)
hartsros × pimpinellros (Rosa mollis × spinosissima)
äppelros × luddros	(Rosa rubiginosa × sherardii)
luddros × pimpinellros	(Rosa sherardii × spinosissima)
rosenhallon		(Rubus odoratus)
nutkahallon		(Rubus parviflorus)
hjortron		(Rubus chamaemorus)
åkerbär			(Rubus arcticus)
sibiriskt stenbär	(Rubus humulifolius)
stenbär			(Rubus saxatilis)
allåkerbär		(Rubus × stellarcticus)
guldhallon		(Rubus xanthocarpus)
hallon			(Rubus idaeus)
jordgubbshallon		(Rubus illecebrosus)
purpurhallon		(Rubus × neglectus)
vinhallon		(Rubus phoenicolasius)
-			(Rubus rosifolius)
prunkhallon		(Rubus spectabilis)
-			(Rubus sect. Caesii)
blåhallon		(Rubus caesius)
krypbjörnbär		(Rubus sect. Corylifolii)
Allanders björnbär	(Rubus allanderi)
öröbjörnbär		(Rubus balticus ined.)
-			(Rubus dumetorum)
gyllenbjörnbär		(Rubus aureolus)
hårbjörnbär		(Rubus camptostachys)
ugglarpsbjörnbär	(Rubus cordatiformis)
krumbjörnbär		(Rubus curvaciculatus)
hjärtbjörnbär		(Rubus cyclomorphus)
fintandat björnbär	(Rubus decurrentispinus)
bohusbjörnbär		(Rubus dissimulans)
mjukbjörnbär		(Rubus egregiusculus)
slätbjörnbär		(Rubus eluxatus)
borstbjörnbär/uddbjörnbär (Rubus fabrimontanus)
uddbjörnbär		(Rubus fabrimontanus var. fabrimontanus)
borstbjörnbär		(Rubus fabrimontanus var. tuberculatiformis)
knippbjörnbär		(Rubus fasciculatus)
kullerbjörnbär		(Rubus ferocior)
fynbjörnbär		(Rubus fioniae)
glandelbjörnbär		(Rubus firmus)
falkbjörnbär		(Rubus friesianus)
frisiskt björnbär	(Rubus frisicus)
daggbjörnbär		(Rubus glauciformis)
spetsbjörnbär		(Rubus gothicus)
vårtbjörnbär		(Rubus hadracanthos)
tvekbjörnbär		(Rubus haesitans)
hallandsbjörnbär	(Rubus hallandicus)
hobrobjörnbär		(Rubus hobroensis)
knölbjörnbär		(Rubus horrefactus)
gisselbjörnbär		(Rubus horridus)
blekingebjörnbär	(Rubus hylanderi)
piggbjörnbär		(Rubus hystricopsis)
filtbjörnbär		(Rubus lagerbergii)
naggbjörnbär		(Rubus lamprocaulos)
bornholmsbjörnbär	(Rubus lidforssii)
-			(Rubus luminosus)
Martensens björnbär	(Rubus martensenii)
lilataggigt björnbär	(Rubus maximiformis)
lindblomsbjörnbär	(Rubus mortensenii)
lundbjörnbär		(Rubus nemorosus)
skageracksbjörnbär	(Rubus nordicus)
västkustbjörnbär	(Rubus norvegicus)
buerabjörnbär		(Rubus onsalaënsis)
mollösundsbjörnbär	(Rubus oredssonii)
Pedersens björnbär	(Rubus pedersenii)
blygbjörnbär		(Rubus perdemissus)
tungbjörnbär		(Rubus phylloglotta)
vektaggigt björnbär	(Rubus placidus)
onsalabjörnbär		(Rubus polybracteatus)
hallonbjörnbär		(Rubus pruinosus)
Raunkiaers björnbär	(Rubus raunkiaeri)
rosenbjörnbär		(Rubus rosanthus)
rydetbjörnbär		(Rubus rugulosus)
själlandsbjörnbär	(Rubus selandiae)
sjutaligt björnbär	(Rubus septifolius)
slesvigsbjörnbär	(Rubus slesvicensis)
söndrumsbjörnbär	(Rubus soendrumensis)
steningebjörnbär	(Rubus sordirosanthus)
langelandsbjörnbär	(Rubus sprengeliusculus)
haderslevsbjörnbär	(Rubus subtileaceus)
svenskt björnbär	(Rubus suecicus)
lindbjörnbär		(Rubus tiliaster)
-			(Rubus transjectus)
-			(Rubus trivultus)
-			(Rubus vexatus)
vikenbjörnbär		(Rubus vikensis)
hasselbjörnbär		(Rubus wahlbergii)
polabiskt björnbär	(Rubus walsemannii)
bjärebjörnbär		(Rubus wendtii)
wessbergsbjörnbär	(Rubus wessbergii)
äkta björnbär		(Rubus sect. Rubus)
saxiskt björnbär	(Rubus acanthodes)
sammetsbjörnbär		(Rubus allegheniensis)
-			(Rubus ammobius)
jyllandsbjörnbär	(Rubus ammobius ssp. pseudoplicatus)
-			(Rubus aphananthus)
armeniskt björnbär	(Rubus armeniacus)
arrheniusbjörnbär	(Rubus arrhenii)
-			(Rubus atrichantherus)
-			(Rubus atrichantherus var. atrichantherus)
-			(Rubus atrichantherus var. vestitior)
skånebjörnbär		(Rubus axillaris)
bertramsbjörnbär	(Rubus bertramii)
banbjörnbär		(Rubus bifrons)
kanadabjörnbär		(Rubus canadensis)
-			(Rubus cardiophyllus)
smalbjörnbär		(Rubus chlorothyrsos)
cimbriskt björnbär	(Rubus cimbricus)
circipaniskt björnbär	(Rubus circipanicus)
vejlebjörnbär		(Rubus contiguus)
karakåsbjörnbär		(Rubus dasyphyllus)
glansbjörnbär		(Rubus divaricatus)
drejerbjörnbär		(Rubus drejeri)
engelskt björnbär	(Rubus echinatus)
praktbjörnbär		(Rubus egregius)
-			(Rubus euryanthemus)
skotskt björnbär	(Rubus fissus)
slokbjörnbär		(Rubus flaccidifolius)
slingerbjörnbär		(Rubus flexuosus)
-			(Rubus foliosus)
-			(Rubus fuscus)
Gelerts björnbär	(Rubus gelertii)
franskt björnbär	(Rubus gillotii)
-			(Rubus glandithyrsos)
spirbjörnbär		(Rubus grabowskii)
storbjörnbär		(Rubus gratus)
östgötabjörnbär		(Rubus hartmanii)
Webers björnbär		(Rubus henrici-weberi)
-			(Rubus hirtus)
kambjörnbär		(Rubus hypomalacus)
tätbjörnbär		(Rubus incurvatus)
orustbjörnbär		(Rubus infestus)
luddbjörnbär		(Rubus insularis)
spärrbjörnbär		(Rubus integribasis)
Köhlers björnbär	(Rubus koehleri)
kollundsbjörnbär	(Rubus kollundicola)
flikbjörnbär		(Rubus laciniatus)
krattbjörnbär		(Rubus langei)
-			(Rubus langei var. parviflorus)
-			(Rubus langei var. langei)
beneluxbjörnbär		(Rubus lasiandrus)
stavbjörnbär		(Rubus leptothyrsos)
klobjörnbär		(Rubus lindebergii)
-			(Rubus lindleianus)
bergumsbjörnbär		(Rubus loehrii)
storbladsbjörnbär	(Rubus macrophyllus)
holsteinsbjörnbär	(Rubus macrothyrsus)
vågbjörnbär		(Rubus marianus)
bergbjörnbär		(Rubus montanus)
pickelbjörnbär		(Rubus mucronulatus)
grönbladsbjörnbär	(Rubus muenteri)
norskt björnbär		(Rubus nemoralis)
skogsbjörnbär		(Rubus nessensis)
stort skogsbjörnbär	(Rubus nessensis var. armatus)
vanligt skogsbjörnbär	(Rubus nessensis var. nessensis)
blekbladsbjörnbär	(Rubus pallidifolius)
blekblomsbjörnbär	(Rubus pallidus)
rostbjörnbär		(Rubus pedemontanus)
-			(Rubus phyllothyrsos)
konbjörnbär		(Rubus platyacanthus)
sötbjörnbär		(Rubus plicatus)
blomsterbjörnbär	(Rubus polyanthemus)
uknabjörnbär		(Rubus pseudopallidus)
-			(Rubus pseudothyrsanthus)
pyramidbjörnbär		(Rubus pyramidalis)
raspbjörnbär		(Rubus radula)
skönbjörnbär		(Rubus rubercadaver)
strävbjörnbär		(Rubus rudis)
skuggbjörnbär		(Rubus sciocharis)
åsljungabjörnbär	(Rubus scissoides)
nålbjörnbär		(Rubus scissus)
taggbjörnbär		(Rubus senticosus)
nordbjörnbär		(Rubus septentrionalis)
kilbjörnbär		(Rubus silvaticus)
sprengelsbjörnbär	(Rubus sprengelii)
grovtaggigt björnbär	(Rubus steracanthos)
surbjörnbär		(Rubus sulcatus)
-			(Rubus thelybatos)
macchiabjörnbär		(Rubus ulmifolius)
västerviksbjörnbär	(Rubus vestervicensis)
rundbladsbjörnbär	(Rubus vestitus)
smålandsbjörnbär	(Rubus vigorosus)
armeniskt björnbär × klobjörnbär (Rubus armeniacus × lindebergii)
orustbjörnbär × sötbjörnbär (Rubus infestus × plicatus)
sötbjörnbär × surbjörnbär (Rubus plicatus × sulcatus)
-			(Rubus sect. Ursini)
loganbär		(Rubus loganobaccus)
åkerbär × hjortron	(Rubus arcticus × chamaemorus)
åkerbär × hallon	(Rubus arcticus × idaeus)
bäverbär		(Rubus arcticus × saxatilis)
blåhallon × krypbjörnbär (Rubus caesius × sect. Corylifolii)
blåhallon × hallon	(Rubus caesius × idaeus)
blåhallon × stenbär	(Rubus caesius × saxatilis)
hallon × krypbjörnbär	(Rubus idaeus × sect. Corylifolii)
hallon × stenbär	(Rubus idaeus × saxatilis)
sprengelsbjörnbär × hasselbjörnbär (Rubus sprengelii × wahlbergii)
gråpimpinell		(Sanguisorba alpina)
kanadapimpinell		(Sanguisorba canadensis)
-			(Sanguisorba canadensis ssp. canadensis)
-			(Sanguisorba canadensis ssp. latifolia)
axpimpinell		(Sanguisorba dodecandra)
-			(Sanguisorba menziesii)
rosenpimpinell		(Sanguisorba obtusa)
blodtopp		(Sanguisorba officinalis)
hängpimpinell		(Sanguisorba tenuifolia)
dvärgfingerört		(Sibbaldia procumbens)
spetsfingerört		(Sibbaldianthe bifurca)
-			(Sibbaldianthe bifurca ssp. orientalis)
stor rönnspirea		(Sorbaria kirilowii)
rönnspirea		(Sorbaria sorbifolia)
indisk rönnspirea	(Sorbaria tomentosa)
stor rönnspirea × rönnspirea (Sorbaria kirilowi × sorbifolia)
vitoxel			(Sorbus aria)
rönn			(Sorbus aucuparia)
vanlig rönn		(Sorbus aucuparia ssp. aucuparia)
nordrönn		(Sorbus aucuparia ssp. glabrata)
österrikisk oxel	(Sorbus austriaca)
japansk rönn		(Sorbus commixta)
-			(Sorbus decipiens)
balkanoxel		(Sorbus graeca)
finnoxel		(Sorbus hybrida)
oxel			(Sorbus intermedia)
pärlrönn		(Sorbus koehneana)
smaloxel		(Sorbus lancifolia)
bergoxel		(Sorbus latifolia)
fagerrönn		(Sorbus meinichii)
walesoxel		(Sorbus minima)
häckoxel		(Sorbus mougeotii)
nordlandsoxel		(Sorbus neglecta)
norskoxel		(Sorbus obtusifolia)
-			(Sorbus rotundifolia)
klippoxel		(Sorbus rupicola)
sogneoxel		(Sorbus sognensis)
småoxel			(Sorbus subarranensis)
grenmarsoxel		(Sorbus subpinnata)
sörlandsoxel		(Sorbus subsimilis)
sudetoxel		(Sorbus sudetica)
hybridoxel		(Sorbus × thuringiaca)
tyskoxel		(Sorbus torminalis)
avarönn			(Sorbus teodori)
ullungrönn		(Sorbus ulleungensis)
-			(Sorbus umbellata)
rönn × finnoxel		(Sorbus aucuparia × hybrida)
rönn × oxel		(Sorbus aucuparia × intermedia)
rönn × klippoxel	(Sorbus aucuparia × rupicola)
finnoxel × oxel		(Sorbus hybrida × intermedia)
finnoxel × fagerrönn	(Sorbus hybrida × meinichii)
oxel × klippoxel	(Sorbus intermedia × rupicola)
vitspirea		(Spiraea alba)
himalayaspirea		(Spiraea arcuata)
brudspirea		(Spiraea × arguta)
björkspirea		(Spiraea betulifolia)
klasespirea		(Spiraea × billardii)
gråspirea		(Spiraea cana)
-			(Spiraea canescens)
kvastspirea		(Spiraea chamaedryfolia)
hybridspirea		(Spiraea × cinerea)
rundspirea		(Spiraea corymbosa)
altaispirea		(Spiraea crenata)
douglasspirea		(Spiraea douglasii)
fontenayspirea		(Spiraea × fontenaysii)
-			(Spiraea × foxii)
pelarspirea		(Spiraea henryi)
praktspirea		(Spiraea japonica)
bredspirea		(Spiraea latifolia)
storspirea		(Spiraea × macrothyrsa)
fransspirea		(Spiraea media)
girlandspirea		(Spiraea nipponica)
torpspirea		(Spiraea × rosalba)
blekspirea		(Spiraea × rubella)
häckspirea		(Spiraea salicifolia)
kejsarspirea		(Spiraea × sanssouciana)
sargentspirea		(Spiraea sargentiana)
luddspirea		(Spiraea tomentosa)
sibirisk spirea		(Spiraea trilobata)
bukettspirea		(Spiraea × vanhouttei)
bågspirea		(Spiraea veitchii)
rosettwaldsteinia	(Waldsteinia geoides)
waldsteinia		(Waldsteinia ternata)

# Elaeagnaceae
smalbladig silverbuske	(Elaeagnus angustifolia)
silverbuske		(Elaeagnus commutata)
koreansk silverbuske	(Elaeagnus umbellata)
havtorn			(Hippophaë rhamnoides)

# Rhamnaceae
brakved			(Frangula alnus)
getapel			(Rhamnus cathartica)

# Ulmaceae
skogsalm		(Ulmus glabra)
= alm
vanlig skogsalm		(Ulmus glabra ssp. glabra)
bergalm			(Ulmus glabra ssp. montana)
hybridalm		(Ulmus × hollandica)
vresalm			(Ulmus laevis)
lundalm			(Ulmus minor)
engelsk alm		(Ulmus procera)
turkestansk alm		(Ulmus pumila)

# Cannabaceae
hampa			(Cannabis sativa)
europeisk bäralm	(Celtis australis)
japansk humle		(Humulus japonicus)
humle			(Humulus lupulus)

# Moraceae
fikon			(Ficus carica)
vitt mullbär		(Morus alba)
svart mullbär		(Morus nigra)

# Urticaceae
grenig väggört		(Parietaria judaica)
väggört			(Parietaria officinalis)
amerikansk väggört	(Parietaria pensylvanica)
-			(Pilea hyalina)
mosspilea		(Pilea microphylla)
hemtrevnad		(Soleirolia soleirolii)
hampnässla		(Urtica cannabina)
brännässla		(Urtica dioica)
vanlig brännässla	(Urtica dioica ssp. dioica)
ogräsnässla		(Urtica dioica var. dioica)
skogsnässla		(Urtica dioica var. holosericea)
amerikansk brännässla	(Urtica dioica ssp. gracilis)
fjällnässla		(Urtica dioica ssp. sondenii)
sumpnässla		(Urtica kioviensis)
bandnässla		(Urtica membranacea)
romersk nässla		(Urtica pilulifera)
etternässla		(Urtica urens)
brännässla × sumpnässla (Urtica dioica × kioviensis)

# Fagaceae
äkta kastanj		(Castanea sativa)
bok			(Fagus sylvatica)
orientbok		(Fagus orientalis)
vitek			(Quercus alba)
turkisk ek		(Quercus cerris)
stenek			(Quercus ilex)
kärrek			(Quercus palustris)
bergek			(Quercus petraea)
skogsek			(Quercus robur)
= ek
rödek			(Quercus rubra)
bergek × skogsek	(Quercus petraea × robur)

# Myricaceae
pors			(Myrica gale)
atlantpors		(Morella faya)

# Juglandaceae
skidhickory		(Carya ovata)
grå valnöt		(Juglans cinerea)
manchurisk valnöt	(Juglans mandshurica)
svart valnöt		(Juglans nigra)
valnöt			(Juglans regia)
kaukasisk vingnöt	(Pterocarya fraxinifolia)

# Betulaceae
björkal			(Alnus alnobetula)
europeisk björkal	(Alnus alnobetula ssp. alnobetula)
amerikansk björkal	(Alnus alnobetula ssp. crispa)
sitka-al		(Alnus alnobetula ssp. sinuata)
italiensk al		(Alnus cordata)
klibbal			(Alnus glutinosa)
gråal			(Alnus incana)
-			(Alnus incana ssp. incana)
karelsk gråal		(Alnus incana var. argentata)
-			(Alnus incana var. incana)
lappal			(Alnus incana ssp. kolaënsis)
hasselal		(Alnus incana ssp. rugosa)
rödal			(Alnus rubra)
klibbal × gråal		(Alnus glutinosa × incana)
-			(Betula fruticosa)
-			(Betula jacquemontii)
körsbärsbjörk		(Betula lenta)
dvärgbjörk		(Betula nana)
vanlig dvärgbjörk	(Betula nana ssp. nana)
tundrabjörk		(Betula nana ssp. tundrarum)
pappersbjörk		(Betula papyrifera)
vårtbjörk		(Betula pendula)
lappbjörk		(Betula pendula var. lapponica)
vanlig vårtbjörk	(Betula pendula var. pendula)
glasbjörk		(Betula pubescens)
fjällbjörk		(Betula pubescens ssp. czerepanovii)
krypbjörk		(Betula pubescens var. appressa)
vanlig fjällbjörk	(Betula pubescens var. czerepanovii)
vanlig glasbjörk	(Betula pubescens ssp. pubescens)
dvärgbjörk × vårtbjörk	(Betula nana × pendula)
dvärgbjörk × glasbjörk	(Betula nana × pubescens)
dvärgbjörk × fjällbjörk (Betula nana × pubescens ssp. czerepanovii)
dvärgbjörk × vanlig glasbjörk (Betula nana × pubescens ssp. pubescens)
hybridbjörk		(Betula pendula × pubescens)
avenbok			(Carpinus betulus)
orientalisk avenbok	(Carpinus orientalis)
hassel			(Corylus avellana)
turkisk hassel		(Corylus colurna)
-			(Corylus × colurnioides)
filberthassel		(Corylus maxima)

# Cucurbitaceae
svart hundrova		(Bryonia alba)
= hundrova
röd hundrova		(Bryonia dioica)
kolokvint		(Citrullus colocynthis)
vattenmelon		(Citrullus lanatus)
igelkottsgurka		(Cucumis dipsaceus)
melon			(Cucumis melo)
kiwano			(Cucumis metuliferus)
krusbärsgurka		(Cucumis myriocarpus)
gurka			(Cucumis sativus)
jättepumpa		(Cucurbita maxima)
myskpumpa		(Cucurbita moschata)
pumpa			(Cucurbita pepo)
springgurka		(Cyclanthera brachystachya)
sprutgurka		(Ecballium elaterium)
taggreva		(Echinocystis lobata)
flaskkurbits		(Lagenaria siceraria)
hårgurka		(Sicyos angulatus)
berggurka		(Thladiantha dubia)

# Begoniaceae
boliviabegonia		(Begonia boliviensis)
julbegonia		(Begonia × cheimantha)
sommarbegonia		(Begonia × semperflorens-cultorum)
knölbegonia		(Begonia × tuberhybrida)

# Celastraceae
japansk träddödare	(Celastrus orbiculatus)
vingbenved		(Euonymus alatus)
benved			(Euonymus europaeus)
klätterbenved		(Euonymus fortunei)
-			(Euonymus fortunei var. radicans)
tokyobenved		(Euonymus hamiltonianus)
japansk benved		(Euonymus japonicus)
storbladig benved	(Euonymus latifolius)
dvärgbenved		(Euonymus nanus)
bollbenved		(Euonymus oxyphyllus)
körsbärsbenved		(Euonymus planipes)
vårtbenved		(Euonymus verrucosus)
slåtterblomma		(Parnassia palustris)

# Oxalidaceae
harsyra			(Oxalis acetosella)
lyckoklöver		(Oxalis articulata)
krypoxalis		(Oxalis corniculata)
lökoxalis		(Oxalis debilis)
-			(Oxalis debilis var. corymbosa)
prärieoxalis		(Oxalis dillenii)
dvärgoxalis		(Oxalis exilis)
ampeloxalis		(Oxalis incarnata)
palmoxalis		(Oxalis lasiandra)
-			(Oxalis latifolia)
getoxalis		(Oxalis pes-caprae)
snöoxalis		(Oxalis regnellii)
klöveroxalis		(Oxalis stricta)
rosettoxalis		(Oxalis tetraphylla)
triangeloxalis		(Oxalis triangularis)
guldoxalis		(Oxalis valdiviensis)

# Euphorbiaceae
vimpelakalyfa		(Acalypha australis)
-			(Acalypha brachystachya)
-			(Acalypha virginica)
tungträd		(Aleurites fordii)
-			(Croton capitatus)
bantörel		(Euphorbia agraria)
-			(Euphorbia serpens)
mandeltörel		(Euphorbia amygdaloides)
dvärgtörel		(Euphorbia chamaesyce)
vårtörel		(Euphorbia cyparissias)
tandtörel		(Euphorbia dentata)
söttörel		(Euphorbia dulcis)
gulltörel		(Euphorbia epithymoides)
vargtörel		(Euphorbia esula)
bredbladig vargtörel	(Euphorbia esula ssp. esula)
mellanvargtörel		(Euphorbia esula ssp. × pseuodovirgata)
smalbladig vargtörel	(Euphorbia esula ssp. tommasiniana)
småtörel		(Euphorbia exigua)
åkertörel		(Euphorbia falcata)
-			(Euphorbia glyptosperma)
revormstörel		(Euphorbia helioscopia)
tramptörel		(Euphorbia humifusa)
irlandstörel		(Euphorbia hyberna)
lentörel		(Euphorbia illirica)
korstörel		(Euphorbia lathyris)
fläcktörel		(Euphorbia maculata)
broktörel		(Euphorbia marginata)
Kristi törnekrona	(Euphorbia milii)
myrtentörel		(Euphorbia myrsinites)
snedtörel		(Euphorbia nutans)
balkantörel		(Euphorbia oblongata)
kärrtörel		(Euphorbia palustris)
fetbladstörel		(Euphorbia paralias)
rävtörel		(Euphorbia peplus)
bredtörel		(Euphorbia platyphyllos)
-			(Euphorbia prostrata)
luddtörel		(Euphorbia salicifolia)
styvtörel		(Euphorbia stricta)
vårtörel × vargtörel	(Euphorbia cyparissias × esula)
vargtörel × luddtörel	(Euphorbia esula × salicifolia)
-			(Flueggea suffruticosa)
grenbingel		(Mercurialis annua)
rundbingel		(Mercurialis ovata)
skogsbingel		(Mercurialis perennis)
ricin			(Ricinus communis)
kinesiskt talgträd	(Triadica sebifera)

# Phyllanthaceae
andrakne		(Leptopus chinensis)

# Elatinaceae
kransslamkrypa		(Elatine alsinastrum)
skaftslamkrypa		(Elatine hexandra)
korsslamkrypa		(Elatine hydropiper)
= slamkrypa
nordslamkrypa		(Elatine orthosperma)
tretalig slamkrypa	(Elatine triandra)

# Passifloraceae
tubpassionsblomma	(Passiflora antioquiensis)
blå passionsblomma	(Passiflora caerulea)
-			(Passiflora × decaisneana)
passionsfrukt		(Passiflora edulis)

# Salicaceae
silverpoppel		(Populus alba)
balsampoppel		(Populus balsamifera)
berlinerpoppel		(Populus × berolinensis)
kanadapoppel		(Populus × canadensis)
gråpoppel		(Populus × canescens)
virginiapoppel		(Populus deltoides)
engelsk poppel		(Populus × generosa)
-			(Populus grandidentata)
ontariopoppel		(Populus × jackii)
koreapoppel		(Populus koreana)
lagerpoppel		(Populus laurifolia)
svartpoppel		(Populus nigra)
björkpoppel		(Populus nigra ssp. betulifolia)
äkta svartpoppel	(Populus nigra ssp. nigra)
tsarpoppel		(Populus 'Petrowskiana')
furstepoppel		(Populus 'Rasumowskiana')
kinesisk poppel		(Populus simonii)
sibirisk poppel		(Populus suaveolens)
asp			(Populus tremula)
amerikansk asp		(Populus tremuloides)
jättepoppel		(Populus trichocarpa)
sorgpoppel		(Populus tristis)
hybridasp		(Populus × wettsteinii)
persisk sälg		(Salix aegyptiaca)
alaskavide		(Salix alaxensis)
vitpil			(Salix alba)
vanlig vitpil		(Salix alba var. alba)
silverpil		(Salix alba var. sericea)
gulpil			(Salix alba var. vitellina)
risvide			(Salix arbuscula)
kavelpil		(Salix × alopecuroides)
ishavsvide		(Salix arctica)
trippelvide		(Salix × arctogena)
bindvide		(Salix aurita)
tårpil			(Salix babylonica)
gullvide		(Salix bicolor)
sammetssälg		(Salix × calodendron)
sälg			(Salix caprea)
vanlig sälg		(Salix caprea ssp. caprea)
gråsälg			(Salix caprea ssp. sphacelata)
gråvide			(Salix cinerea)
vanligt gråvide		(Salix cinerea ssp. cinerea)
rostvide		(Salix cinerea ssp. oleifolia)
vanligt gråvide × rostvide (Salix cinerea ssp. cinerea × ssp. oleifolia)
daggvide		(Salix daphnoides)
spetsdaggvide		(Salix daphnoides ssp. acutifolia)
äkta daggvide		(Salix daphnoides ssp. daphnoides)
sammetsvide		(Salix dasyclados)
balsampil		(Salix × ehrhartiana)
lavendelvide		(Salix elaeagnos)
-			(Salix elaeagnos ssp. angustifolia)
styvvide		(Salix eriocephala)
knäckepil		(Salix euxina)
grönpil			(Salix × fragilis)
ripvide			(Salix glauca)
vanligt ripvide		(Salix glauca ssp. glauca)
ryssvide		(Salix glauca ssp. stipulifera)
blekvide		(Salix hastata)
fjällblekvide		(Salix hastata ssp. hastata)
finnblekvide		(Salix hastata ssp. subintegrifolia)
källblekvide		(Salix hastata ssp. vegeta)
dvärgvide		(Salix herbacea)
eukalyptusvide		(Salix integra)
ullvide			(Salix lanata)
glandelvide		(Salix lanata ssp. glandulifera)
vanligt ullvide		(Salix lanata ssp. lanata)
lappvide		(Salix lapponum)
lagervide		(Salix × laurina)
glanspil		(Salix lucida)
hybridpil		(Salix × meyeriana)
fyrisvide		(Salix × mollissima)
svartvide		(Salix myrsinifolia)
sätervide		(Salix myrsinifolia ssp. borealis)
kolavide		(Salix myrsinifolia ssp. kolaënsis)
vanligt svartvide	(Salix myrsinifolia ssp. myrsinifolia)
glansvide		(Salix myrsinites)
odonvide		(Salix myrtilloides)
knölvide		(Salix nummularia)
fontänpil		(Salix × pendulina)
jolster			(Salix pentandra)
grönvide		(Salix phylicifolia)
polarvide		(Salix polaris)
rödvide			(Salix purpurea)
pyrolavide		(Salix pyrolifolia)
hundvide		(Salix repens)
krypvide		(Salix repens ssp. repens)
sandvide		(Salix repens var. argentea)
vanligt krypvide	(Salix repens var. repens)
rosmarinvide		(Salix repens ssp. rosmarinifolia)
krypvide × rosmarinvide (Salix repens ssp. repens × ssp. rosmarinifolia)
nätvide			(Salix reticulata)
kaskadpil		(Salix × sepulcralis)
-			(Salix sitchensis)
häckvide		(Salix × smithiana)
ängsvide		(Salix starkeana)
finnvide		(Salix starkeana ssp. cinerascens)
äkta ängsvide		(Salix starkeana ssp. starkeana)
finnvide × ängsvide	(Salix starkeana ssp. cinerascens × ssp. starkeana)
dammvide		(Salix × stipularis)
mandelpil		(Salix triandra)
sachalinvide		(Salix udensis)
korgvide		(Salix viminalis)
persisk sälg × vanlig sälg (Salix aegyptiaca × caprea ssp. caprea)
persisk sälg × krypvide (Salix aegyptiaca × repens ssp. repens)
buskpil			(Salix alba × euxina × pentandra)
risvide × sälg × lappvide (Salix arbuscula × caprea × lapponum)
risvide × dvärgvide	(Salix arbuscula × herbacea)
risvide × dvärgvide × lappvide (Salix arbuscula × herbacea × lapponum)
risvide × dvärgvide × polarvide (Salix arbuscula × herbacea × polaris)
risvide × lappvide	(Salix arbuscula × lapponum)
risvide × nätvide	(Salix arbuscula × reticulata)
ishavsvide × dvärgvide	(Salix arctica × herbacea)
ishavsvide × grönvide	(Salix arctica × phylicifolia)
bindvide × sälg		(Salix aurita × caprea)
bindvide × vanlig sälg	(Salix aurita × caprea ssp. caprea)
bindvide × vanlig sälg × vanligt svartvide (Salix aurita × caprea ssp. caprea × myrsinifolia ssp. myrsinifolia)
bindvide × vanlig sälg × odonvide (Salix aurita × caprea ssp. caprea × myrtilloides)
bindvide × gråvide	(Salix aurita × cinerea)
bindvide × gråvide × lappvide (Salix aurita × cinerea × lapponum)
bindvide × gråvide × svartvide (Salix aurita × cinerea × myrsinifolia)
bindvide × gråvide × ängsvide (Salix aurita × cinerea × starkeana)
bindvide × rostvide	(Salix aurita × cinerea ssp. oleifolia)
bindvide × ripvide	(Salix aurita × glauca)
bindvide × källblekvide (Salix aurita × hastata ssp. vegeta)
bindvide × dvärgvide	(Salix aurita × herbacea)
bindvide × lappvide	(Salix aurita × lapponum)
bindvide × lappvide × odonvide (Salix aurita × lapponum × myrtilloides)
bindvide × lappvide × krypvide (Salix aurita × lapponum × repens ssp. repens)
bindvide × lappvide × ängsvide (Salix aurita × lapponum × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
bindvide × svartvide	(Salix aurita × myrsinifolia)
bindvide × svartvide × grönvide (Salix aurita × myrsinifolia × phylicifolia)
bindvide × odonvide	(Salix aurita × myrtilloides)
bindvide × odonvide × krypvide (Salix aurita × myrtilloides × repens ssp. repens)
bindvide × odonvide × finnvide (Salix aurita × myrtilloides × starkeana ssp. cinerascens)
bindvide × odonvide × ängsvide (Salix aurita × myrtilloides × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
bindvide × grönvide	(Salix aurita × phylicifolia)
bindvide × rödvide	(Salix aurita × purpurea)
bindvide × rödvide × krypvide (Salix aurita × purpurea × repens ssp. repens)
bindvide × rödvide × korgvide (Salix aurita × purpurea × viminalis)
bindvide × krypvide	(Salix aurita × repens ssp. repens)
bindvide × krypvide × ängsvide (Salix aurita × repens ssp. repens × starkeana)
bindvide × krypvide × korgvide (Salix aurita × repens ssp. repens × viminalis)
bindvide × rosmarinvide (Salix aurita × repens ssp. rosmarinifolia)
bindvide × finnvide	(Salix aurita × starkeana ssp. cinerascens)
bindvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix aurita × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
bindvide × korgvide	(Salix aurita × viminalis)
sälg × ullvide		(Salix caprea × lanata)
sälg × lappvide		(Salix caprea × lapponum)
sälg × svartvide	(Salix caprea × myrsinifolia)
sälg × krypvide		(Salix caprea × repens ssp. repens)
sälg × ängsvide		(Salix caprea × starkeana)
vanlig sälg × gråvide	(Salix caprea ssp. caprea × cinerea)
vanlig sälg × rostvide	(Salix caprea ssp. caprea × cinerea ssp. oleifolia)
vanlig sälg × äkta daggvide (Salix caprea ssp. caprea × daphnoides ssp. daphnoides)
vanlig sälg × lappvide	(Salix caprea ssp. caprea × lapponum)
vanlig sälg × grönvide	(Salix caprea ssp. caprea × phylicifolia)
vanlig sälg × rödvide	(Salix caprea ssp. caprea × purpurea)
vanlig sälg × krypvide	(Salix caprea ssp. caprea × repens ssp. repens)
vanlig sälg × krypvide × korgvide (Salix caprea ssp. caprea × repens ssp. repens × viminalis)
vanlig sälg × rosmarinvide (Salix caprea ssp. caprea × repens ssp. rosmarinifolia)
vanlig sälg × äkta ängsvide (Salix caprea ssp. caprea × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
gråsälg × ullvide	(Salix caprea ssp. sphacelata × lanata)
gråsälg × lappvide	(Salix caprea ssp. sphacelata × lapponum)
gråvide × lappvide	(Salix cinerea × lapponum)
gråvide × svartvide	(Salix cinerea × myrsinifolia)
gråvide × svartvide × grönvide (Salix cinerea × myrsinifolia × phylicifolia)
gråvide × svartvide × krypvide (Salix cinerea × myrsinifolia × repens ssp. repens)
gråvide × svartvide × korgvide (Salix cinerea × myrsinifolia × viminalis)
gråvide × vanligt svartvide (Salix cinerea × myrsinifolia ssp. myrsinifolia)
gråvide × vanligt svartvide × grönvide (Salix cinerea × myrsinifolia ssp. myrsinifolia × phylicifolia)
gråvide × odonvide	(Salix cinerea × myrtilloides)
gråvide × grönvide	(Salix cinerea × phylicifolia)
gråvide × rödvide	(Salix cinerea × purpurea)
gråvide × krypvide	(Salix cinerea × repens ssp. repens)
sidenvide		(Salix cinerea × viminalis)
äkta daggvide × korgvide (Salix daphnoides ssp. daphnoides × viminalis)
ripvide × dvärgvide	(Salix glauca × herbacea)
ripvide × dvärgvide × svartvide (Salix glauca × herbacea × myrsinifolia)
ripvide × dvärgvide × glansvide (Salix glauca × herbacea × myrsinites)
ripvide × svartvide	(Salix glauca × myrsinifolia)
ripvide × svartvide × glansvide (Salix glauca × myrsinifolia × myrsinites)
ripvide × svartvide × grönvide (Salix glauca × myrsinifolia × phylicifolia)
ripvide × glansvide	(Salix glauca × myrsinites)
ripvide × odonvide	(Salix glauca × myrtilloides)
ripvide × grönvide	(Salix glauca × phylicifolia)
ripvide × grönvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix glauca × phylicifolia × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
ripvide × polarvide	(Salix glauca × polaris)
blekvide × dvärgvide	(Salix hastata × herbacea)
blekvide × dvärgvide × glandelvide (Salix hastata × herbacea × lanata ssp. glandulifera)
blekvide × dvärgvide × vanligt ullvide (Salix hastata × herbacea × lanata ssp. lanata)
blekvide × glandelvide	(Salix hastata × lanata ssp. glandulifera)
blekvide × vanligt ullvide (Salix hastata × lanata ssp. lanata)
blekvide × lappvide	(Salix hastata × lapponum)
blekvide × odonvide	(Salix hastata × myrtilloides)
blekvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix hastata × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
fjällblekvide × nätvide (Salix hastata ssp. hastata × reticulata)
finnblekvide × krypvide (Salix hastata ssp. subintegrifolia × repens ssp. repens)
källblekvide × krypvide (Salix hastata ssp. vegeta × repens ssp. repens)
dvärgvide × glandelvide (Salix herbacea × lanata ssp. glandulifera)
dvärgvide × vanligt ullvide (Salix herbacea × lanata ssp. lanata)
dvärgvide × vanligt ullvide × polarvide (Salix herbacea × lanata ssp. lanata × polaris)
dvärgvide × lappvide	(Salix herbacea × lapponum)
dvärgvide × lappvide × polarvide (Salix herbacea × lapponum × polaris)
dvärgvide × glansvide	(Salix herbacea × myrsinites)
dvärgvide × knölvide	(Salix herbacea × nummularia)
dvärgvide × grönvide	(Salix herbacea × phylicifolia)
dvärgvide × polarvide	(Salix herbacea × polaris)
dvärgvide × krypvide	(Salix herbacea × repens ssp. repens)
dvärgvide × nätvide	(Salix herbacea × reticulata)
lappvide × odonvide	(Salix lapponum × myrtilloides)
lappvide × odonvide × krypvide (Salix lapponum × myrtilloides × repens ssp. repens)
lappvide × grönvide	(Salix lapponum × phylicifolia)
lappvide × grönvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix lapponum × phylicifolia × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
lappvide × krypvide	(Salix lapponum × repens ssp. repens)
lappvide × finnvide	(Salix lapponum × starkeana ssp. cinerascens)
lappvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix lapponum × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
lappvide × korgvide	(Salix lapponum × viminalis)
svartvide × glansvide	(Salix myrsinifolia × myrsinites)
svartvide × glansvide × grönvide (Salix myrsinifolia × myrsinites × phylicifolia)
svartvide × odonvide	(Salix myrsinifolia × myrtilloides)
svartvide × grönvide	(Salix myrsinifolia × phylicifolia)
svartvide × grönvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix myrsinifolia × phylicifolia × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
svartvide × krypvide	(Salix myrsinifolia × repens ssp. repens)
svartvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix myrsinifolia × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
vanligt svartvide × krypvide (Salix myrsinifolia ssp. myrsinifolia × repens ssp. repens)
glansvide × grönvide	(Salix myrsinites × phylicifolia)
odonvide × grönvide	(Salix myrtilloides × phylicifolia)
odonvide × grönvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix myrtilloides × phylicifolia × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
odonvide × krypvide	(Salix myrtilloides × repens ssp. repens)
odonvide × krypvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix myrtilloides × repens ssp. repens × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
odonvide × finnvide	(Salix myrtilloides × starkeana ssp. cinerascens)
odonvide × finnvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix myrtilloides × starkeana ssp. cinerascens × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
odonvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix myrtilloides × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
grönvide × krypvide	(Salix phylicifolia × repens ssp. repens)
grönvide × rosmarinvide (Salix phylicifolia × repens ssp. rosmarinifolia)
grönvide × finnvide	(Salix phylicifolia × starkeana ssp. cinerascens)
grönvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix phylicifolia × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
polarvide × nätvide	(Salix polaris × reticulata)
skottlandsvide		(Salix purpurea × repens ssp. repens)
flätvide		(Salix purpurea × viminalis)
krypvide × äkta ängsvide (Salix repens ssp. repens × starkeana ssp. starkeana)
smalvide		(Salix repens ssp. repens × viminalis)

# Violaceae
silverviol		(Viola alba)
åkerviol		(Viola arvensis)
murgrönsviol		(Viola banksii)
fjällviol		(Viola biflora)
ängsviol		(Viola canina)
äkta ängsviol		(Viola canina ssp. canina)
norrlandsviol		(Viola canina ssp. montana)
bergviol		(Viola collina)
hornviol		(Viola cornuta)
storviol		(Viola elatior)
mossviol		(Viola epipsila)
buskviol		(Viola hirta)
-			(Viola lanceolata)
gulviol			(Viola lutea)
underviol		(Viola mirabilis)
luktviol		(Viola odorata)
kärrviol		(Viola palustris)
dvärgviol		(Viola pumila)
lundviol		(Viola reichenbachiana)
skogsviol		(Viola riviniana)
sandviol		(Viola rupestris)
lappviol		(Viola rupestris ssp. relicta)
vanlig sandviol		(Viola rupestris ssp. rupestris)
kal sandviol		(Viola rupestris var. glaberrima)
hårig sandviol		(Viola rupestris var. rupestris)
skuggviol		(Viola selkirkii)
fjärilsviol		(Viola sororia)
strandviol		(Viola stagnina)
fagerviol		(Viola suavis)
styvmorsviol		(Viola tricolor)
klittviol		(Viola tricolor ssp. curtisii)
vanlig styvmorsviol	(Viola tricolor ssp. tricolor)
sumpviol		(Viola uliginosa)
bukettviol		(Viola × williamsii)
pensé			(Viola × wittrockiana)
silverviol × buskviol	(Viola alba × hirta)
silverviol × luktviol	(Viola alba × odorata)
åkerviol × hornviol	(Viola arvensis × cornuta)
åkerviol × styvmorsviol (Viola arvensis × tricolor)
åkerviol × pensé	(Viola arvensis × wittrockiana)
ängsviol × luktviol	(Viola canina × odorata)
ängsviol × skogsviol	(Viola canina × riviniana)
ängsviol × lappviol	(Viola canina × rupestris ssp. relicta)
ängsviol × vanlig sandviol (Viola canina × rupestris ssp. rupestris)
ängsviol × strandviol	(Viola canina × stagnina)
ängsviol × sumpviol	(Viola canina × uliginosa)
äkta ängsviol × dvärgviol (Viola canina ssp. canina × pumila)
äkta ängsviol × lundviol (Viola canina ssp. canina × reichenbachiana)
äkta ängsviol × skogsviol (Viola canina ssp. canina × riviniana)
äkta ängsviol × vanlig sandviol (Viola canina ssp. canina × rupestris ssp. rupestris)
äkta ängsviol × strandviol (Viola canina ssp. canina × stagnina)
äkta ängsviol × sumpviol (Viola canina ssp. canina × uliginosa)
norrlandsviol × underviol (Viola canina ssp. montana × mirabilis)
norrlandsviol × lundviol (Viola canina ssp. montana × reichenbachiana)
norrlandsviol × skogsviol (Viola canina ssp. montana × riviniana)
norrlandsviol × lappviol (Viola canina ssp. montana × rupestris ssp. relicta)
norrlandsviol × vanlig sandviol (Viola canina ssp. montana × rupestris ssp. rupestris)
norrlandsviol × strandviol (Viola canina ssp. montana × stagnina)
norrlandsviol × sumpviol (Viola canina ssp. montana × uliginosa)
bergviol × buskviol	(Viola collina × hirta)
bergviol × luktviol	(Viola collina × odorata)
storviol × dvärgviol	(Viola elatior × pumila)
storviol × skogsviol	(Viola elatior × riviniana)
storviol × strandviol	(Viola elatior × stagnina)
mossviol × kärrviol	(Viola epipsila × palustris)
buskviol × luktviol	(Viola hirta × odorata)
underviol × lundviol	(Viola mirabilis × reichenbachiana)
underviol × skogsviol	(Viola mirabilis × riviniana)
underviol × vanlig sandviol (Viola mirabilis × rupestris ssp. rupestris)
dvärgviol × lundviol	(Viola pumila × reichenbachiana)
dvärgviol × skogsviol	(Viola pumila × riviniana)
dvärgviol × vanlig sandviol (Viola pumila × rupestris ssp. rupestris)
dvärgviol × strandviol	(Viola pumila × stagnina)
lundviol × skogsviol	(Viola reichenbachiana × riviniana)
lundviol × vanlig sandviol (Viola reichenbachiana × rupestris ssp. rupestris)
lundviol × strandviol	(Viola reichenbachiana × stagnina)
lundviol × sumpviol	(Viola reichenbachiana × uliginosa)
skogsviol × lappviol	(Viola riviniana × rupestris ssp. relicta)
skogsviol × vanlig sandviol (Viola riviniana × rupestris ssp. rupestris)
skogsviol × strandviol	(Viola riviniana × stagnina)
skogsviol × sumpviol	(Viola riviniana × uliginosa)
vanlig sandviol × sumpviol (Viola rupestris ssp. rupestris × uliginosa)
strandviol × sumpviol	(Viola stagnina × uliginosa)
styvmorsviol × pensé	(Viola tricolor × wittrockiana)

# Linaceae
klipplin		(Linum austriacum)
bleklin			(Linum bienne)
vildlin			(Linum catharticum)
blomsterlin		(Linum grandiflorum)
berglin			(Linum perenne)
lin			(Linum usitatissimum)
dvärglin		(Radiola linoides)

# Hypericaceae
-			(Hypericum androsaemum)
-			(Hypericum annulatum)
prakthyperikum		(Hypericum calycinum)
buskhyperikum		(Hypericum forrestii)
vinterhyperikum		(Hypericum 'Hidcote')
lukthyperikum		(Hypericum hircinum)
luden johannesört	(Hypericum hirsutum)
dvärgjohannesört	(Hypericum humifusum)
bärhyperikum		(Hypericum × inodorum)
fyrkantig johannesört	(Hypericum maculatum)
bergjohannesört		(Hypericum montanum)
olympjohannesört	(Hypericum olympicum)
äkta johannesört	(Hypericum perforatum)
hedjohannesört		(Hypericum pulchrum)
kärrjohannesört		(Hypericum tetrapterum)
fyrkantig johannesört × kärrjohannesört (Hypericum maculatum × tetrapterum)
äkta johannesört × kärrjohannesört (Hypericum perforatum × tetrapterum)

# Geraniaceae
lansnäva		(Erodium botrys)
-			(Erodium brachycarpum)
lobnäva			(Erodium chium)
storknäva		(Erodium ciconium)
skatnäva		(Erodium cicutarium)
australnäva		(Erodium crinitum)
svannäva		(Erodium cygnorum)
-			(Erodium geoides)
spåmansnäva		(Erodium gruinum)
kattostnäva		(Erodium malacoides)
bergnäva		(Erodium manescavii)
mysknäva		(Erodium moschatum)
kinesnäva		(Erodium stephanianum)
pysslingnäva		(Erodium × variabile)
indiannäva		(Geranium bicknellii)
svedjenäva		(Geranium bohemicum)
liten flocknäva		(Geranium × cantabrigiense)
kvarnnäva		(Geranium carolinianum)
silkesnäva		(Geranium cinereum)
-			(Geranium collinum)
duvnäva			(Geranium columbinum)
fliknäva		(Geranium dissectum)
spretnäva		(Geranium divaricatum)
spansknäva		(Geranium endressii)
praktnäva		(Geranium himalayense)
turknäva		(Geranium ibericum)
brandnäva		(Geranium lanuginosum)
glansnäva		(Geranium lucidum)
flocknäva		(Geranium macrorrhizum)
kungsnäva		(Geranium × magnificum)
mjuknäva		(Geranium molle)
blanknäva		(Geranium nodosum)
kärrnäva		(Geranium palustre)
brunnäva		(Geranium phaeum)
kaukasusnäva		(Geranium platypetalum)
ängsnäva		(Geranium pratense)
armenisk näva		(Geranium psilostemon)
purpurnäva		(Geranium purpureum)
sparvnäva		(Geranium pusillum)
tibetnäva		(Geranium pylzovianum)
skuggnäva		(Geranium pyrenaicum)
nätnäva			(Geranium renardii)
alpnäva			(Geranium rivulare)
stinknäva		(Geranium robertianum)
vanlig stinknäva	(Geranium robertianum var. robertianum)
strandstinknäva		(Geranium robertianum var. rubricaule)
klibbnäva		(Geranium rotundifolium)
-			(Geranium rubescens)
blodnäva		(Geranium sanguineum)
ryssnäva		(Geranium sibiricum)
midsommarblomster	(Geranium sylvaticum)
= skogsnäva
svedjenäva × brandnäva	(Geranium bohemicum × lanuginosum)
mjuknäva × sparvnäva	(Geranium molle × pusillum)
hottentottnäva		(Monsonia biflora)
rosengeranium		(Pelargonium graveolens)
kokospelargon		(Pelargonium grossularioides)
pelargon		(Pelargonium × hortorum)
-			(Pelargonium myrrhifolium)
korianderpelargon	(Pelargonium myrrhifolium var. coriandrifolium)
hängpelargon		(Pelargonium peltatum)

# Lythraceae
cigarettglöd		(Cuphea ignea)
-			(Cuphea lanceolata)
eldflugeblomster	(Cuphea × purpurea)
indianbloss		(Cuphea viscosissima)
vingfackelblomster	(Lythrum acutangulum)
dvärgfackelblomster	(Lythrum hyssopifolia)
småfackelblomster	(Lythrum junceum)
rödlånke		(Lythrum portula)
fackelblomster		(Lythrum salicaria)
hybridfackelblomster	(Lythrum × scabrum)
barrfackelblomster	(Lythrum thymifolia)
smalt fackelblomster	(Lythrum virgatum)
granatäpple		(Punica granatum)
sjönöt			(Trapa natans)

# Onagraceae
mjölke			(Chamaenerion angustifolium)
= mjölkört
= rallarros
praktmjölke		(Chamaenerion latifolium)
dvärghäxört		(Circaea alpina)
mellanhäxört		(Circaea × intermedia)
stor häxört		(Circaea lutetiana)
atlasblomma		(Clarkia amoena)
fjärilsclarkia		(Clarkia pulchella)
purpurclarkia		(Clarkia purpurea)
-			(Clarkia purpurea ssp. quadrivulnera)
rubinclarkia		(Clarkia rubicunda)
clarkia			(Clarkia unguiculata)
amerikansk dunört	(Epilobium adenocaulon)
källdunört		(Epilobium alsinifolium)
dvärgdunört		(Epilobium anagallidifolium)
grusdunört		(Epilobium brachycarpum)
kividunört		(Epilobium brunnescens)
vit dunört		(Epilobium ciliatum)
backdunört		(Epilobium collinum)
smaldunört		(Epilobium davuricum)
alaskadunört		(Epilobium glandulosum)
rosendunört		(Epilobium hirsutum)
fjälldunört		(Epilobium hornemannii)
krypdunört		(Epilobium komarovianum)
mjölkdunört		(Epilobium lactiflorum)
lappdunört		(Epilobium laestadii)
grådunört		(Epilobium lamyi)
bergdunört		(Epilobium montanum)
mörk dunört		(Epilobium obscurum)
kärrdunört		(Epilobium palustre)
smal kärrdunört		(Epilobium palustre var. lapponicum)
vanlig kärrdunört	(Epilobium palustre var. palustre)
luddunört		(Epilobium parviflorum)
-			(Epilobium pseudorubescens)
grendunört		(Epilobium roseum)
kantdunört		(Epilobium tetragonum)
amerikansk dunört × källdunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × alsinifolium)
amerikansk dunört × vit dunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × ciliatum)
amerikansk dunört × alaskadunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × glandulosum)
amerikansk dunört × rosendunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × hirsutum)
amerikansk dunört × fjälldunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × hornemannii)
amerikansk dunört × grådunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × lamyi)
amerikansk dunört × bergdunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × montanum)
amerikansk dunört × mörk dunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × obscurum)
amerikansk dunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × palustre)
amerikansk dunört × luddunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × parviflorum)
amerikansk dunört × grendunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × roseum)
amerikansk dunört × kantdunört (Epilobium adenocaulon × tetragonum)
källdunört × dvärgdunört (Epilobium alsinifolium × anagallidifolium)
källdunört × fjälldunört (Epilobium alsinifolium × hornemannii)
källdunört × mjölkdunört (Epilobium alsinifolium × lactiflorum)
källdunört × bergdunört (Epilobium alsinifolium × montanum)
källdunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium alsinifolium × palustre)
dvärgdunört × smaldunört (Epilobium anagallidifolium × davuricum)
dvärgdunört × fjälldunört (Epilobium anagallidifolium × hornemannii)
dvärgdunört × mjölkdunört (Epilobium anagallidifolium × lactiflorum)
dvärgdunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium anagallidifolium × palustre)
vit dunört × backdunört (Epilobium ciliatum × collinum)
vit dunört × alaskadunört (Epilobium ciliatum × glandulosum)
vit dunört × bergdunört (Epilobium ciliatum × montanum)
vit dunört × mörk dunört (Epilobium ciliatum × obscurum)
vit dunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium ciliatum × palustre)
vit dunört × grendunört (Epilobium ciliatum × roseum)
vit dunört × kantdunört (Epilobium ciliatum × tetragonum)
backdunört × grådunört	(Epilobium collinum × lamyi)
backdunört × bergdunört (Epilobium collinum × montanum)
backdunört × mörk dunört (Epilobium collinum × obscurum)
backdunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium collinum × palustre)
backdunört × grendunört (Epilobium collinum × roseum)
smaldunört × mjölkdunört (Epilobium davuricum × lactiflorum)
smaldunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium davuricum × palustre)
alaskadunört × rosendunört (Epilobium glandulosum × hirsutum)
alaskadunört × bergdunört (Epilobium glandulosum × montanum)
alaskadunört × mörk dunört (Epilobium glandulosum × obscurum)
alaskadunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium glandulosum × palustre)
alaskadunört × luddunört (Epilobium glandulosum × parviflorum)
alaskadunört × grendunört (Epilobium glandulosum × roseum)
alaskadunört × kantdunört (Epilobium glandulosum × tetragonum)
rosendunört × grådunört (Epilobium hirsutum × lamyi)
rosendunört × bergdunört (Epilobium hirsutum × montanum)
rosendunört × mörk dunört (Epilobium hirsutum × obscurum)
rosendunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium hirsutum × palustre)
rosendunört × luddunört (Epilobium hirsutum × parviflorum)
rosendunört × grendunört (Epilobium hirsutum × roseum)
rosendunört × kantdunört (Epilobium hirsutum × tetragonum)
fjälldunört × mjölkdunört (Epilobium hornemannii × lactiflorum)
fjälldunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium hornemannii × palustre)
mjölkdunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium lactiflorum × palustre)
lappdunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium laestadii × palustre)
grådunört × bergdunört	(Epilobium lamyi × montanum)
grådunört × mörk dunört (Epilobium lamyi × obscurum)
grådunört × kärrdunört	(Epilobium lamyi × palustre)
grådunört × luddunört	(Epilobium lamyi × parviflorum)
grådunört × grendunört	(Epilobium lamyi × roseum)
grådunört × kantdunört	(Epilobium lamyi × tetragonum)
bergdunört × mörk dunört (Epilobium montanum × obscurum)
bergdunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium montanum × palustre)
bergdunört × luddunört	(Epilobium montanum × parviflorum)
bergdunört × luddunört × grendunört (Epilobium montanum × parviflorum × roseum)
bergdunört × grendunört (Epilobium montanum × roseum)
bergdunört × kantdunört (Epilobium montanum × tetragonum)
mörk dunört × kärrdunört (Epilobium obscurum × palustre)
mörk dunört × luddunört (Epilobium obscurum × parviflorum)
mörk dunört × grendunört (Epilobium obscurum × roseum)
mörk dunört × kantdunört (Epilobium obscurum × tetragonum)
kärrdunört × luddunört	(Epilobium palustre × parviflorum)
kärrdunört × luddunört × grendunört (Epilobium palustre × parviflorum × roseum)
kärrdunört × grendunört (Epilobium palustre × roseum)
luddunört × grendunört	(Epilobium parviflorum × roseum)
luddunört × kantdunört	(Epilobium parviflorum × tetragonum)
grendunört × kantdunört (Epilobium roseum × tetragonum)
fuchsia			(Fuchsia × hybrida)
scharlakansfuchsia	(Fuchsia magellanica)
enmansblomma		(Lopezia racemosa)
storblommig ludwigia	(Ludwigia grandiflora)
ludwigia		(Ludwigia palustris)
krypludwigia		(Ludwigia peploides)
sumpludwigia		(Ludwigia repens)
-			(Oenothera acutifolia)
-			(Oenothera albicaulis)
-			(Oenothera albipercurva)
klittnattljus		(Oenothera ammophila)
äkta nattljus		(Oenothera biennis)
= nattljus
-			(Oenothera biennis var. biennis)
-			(Oenothera biennis var. leptomeres)
jordnattljus		(Oenothera caespitosa)
engelskt nattljus	(Oenothera cambrica)
grågrönt nattljus	(Oenothera canovirens)
baltiskt nattljus	(Oenothera casimiri)
-			(Oenothera deflexa)
strävt nattljus		(Oenothera depressa)
sommarnattljus		(Oenothera drummondii)
falskt jättenattljus	(Oenothera fallax)
-			(Oenothera flava)
gullnattljus/klubbnattljus (Oenothera fruticosa)
gullnattljus		(Oenothera fruticosa ssp. fruticosa)
klubbnattljus		(Oenothera fruticosa ssp. glauca)
småblommigt sommarljus	(Oenothera gaura)
jättenattljus		(Oenothera glazioviana)
-			(Oenothera hoelscheri)
-			(Oenothera hoelscheri var. rubricalyx)
sparvnattljus		(Oenothera indecora)
fliknattljus		(Oenothera laciniata)
sommarljus		(Oenothera lindheimeri)
raggnattljus		(Oenothera longiflora)
storblommigt nattljus	(Oenothera macrocarpa)
pricknattljus		(Oenothera muricata)
-			(Oenothera nuda)
-			(Oenothera oakesiana)
-			(Oenothera parviflora)
smalt nattljus		(Oenothera perangusta)
dvärgnattljus		(Oenothera perennis)
-			(Oenothera rosea)
pipnattljus		(Oenothera rubricauloides)
nordiskt nattljus	(Oenothera scandinavica)
silvernattljus		(Oenothera speciosa)
doftnattljus		(Oenothera stricta)
-			(Oenothera suaveolens)
-			(Oenothera tetraptera)
-			(Oenothera victorinii)
-			(Oenothera villosa)
-			(Oenothera wienii)
polskt nattljus		(Oenothera wratislaviensis)
klittnattljus × äkta nattljus (Oenothera ammophila × biennis)
äkta nattljus × strävt nattljus (Oenothera biennis × depressa)
äkta nattljus × falskt jättenattljus (Oenothera biennis × fallax)
äkta nattljus × jättenattljus (Oenothera biennis × glazioviana)
äkta nattljus × smalt nattljus (Oenothera biennis × perangusta)
strävt nattljus × pricknattljus (Oenothera depressa × muricata)
jättenattljus × smalt nattljus (Oenothera glazioviana × perangusta)
pricknattljus × smalt nattljus (Oenothera muricata × perangusta)

# Myrtaceae
lampborste		(Callistemon citrinus)
silvereukalyptus	(Eucalyptus gunnii)

# Staphyleaceae
pimpernöt		(Staphylea pinnata)

# Nitrariaceae
harmelbuske		(Peganum harmala)

# Anacardiaceae
cashew			(Anacardium occidentale)
perukbuske		(Cotinus coggygria)
bärsumak		(Rhus coriaria)
rönnsumak		(Rhus typhina)
klättersumak		(Toxicodendron radicans)

# Sapindaceae
naverlönn		(Acer campestre)
turkisk lönn		(Acer cappadocicum)
vinlönn			(Acer circinatum)
balkanlönn		(Acer heldreichii)
solfjäderslönn		(Acer japonicum)
italiensk lönn		(Acer lobelii)
dvärglönn		(Acer monspessulanum)
asklönn			(Acer negundo)
ungersk lönn		(Acer obtusatum)
japansk lönn		(Acer palmatum)
skogslönn		(Acer platanoides)
= lönn
tysklönn		(Acer pseudoplatanus)
rostlönn		(Acer rufinerve)
silverlönn		(Acer saccharinum)
axlönn			(Acer spicatum)
tatarlönn		(Acer tataricum)
ginnalalönn		(Acer tataricum ssp. ginnala)
rysk lönn		(Acer tataricum ssp. tataricum)
rödblommig hästkastanj	(Aesculus carnea)
gulblommig hästkastanj	(Aesculus flava)
hästkastanj		(Aesculus hippocastanum)
småblommig hästkastanj	(Aesculus parviflora)
ballongranka		(Cardiospermum halicacabum)
-			(Cardiospermum grandiflorum)
kinesträd		(Koelreuteria paniculata)
litchi			(Litchi chinensis)

# Rutaceae
storcitrus		(Citrus × aurantium)
citron			(Citrus limon)
pompelmus		(Citrus maxima)
apelsin			(Citrus sinensis)
Moses brinnande buske	(Dictamnus albus)
sibiriskt korkträd	(Phellodendron amurense)
klöveralm		(Ptelea trifoliata)
vinruta			(Ruta graveolens)
vinterbär		(Skimmia japonica)
falskt korkträd		(Tetradium daniellii)

# Simaroubaceae
gudaträd		(Ailanthus altissima)

# Malvaceae
klockmalva		(Abutilon × hybridum)
lindmalva		(Abutilon theophrasti)
blek stockros		(Alcea biennis)
perenn stockros		(Alcea ficifolia)
stockros		(Alcea rosea)
gul stockros		(Alcea rugosa)
sträv stockros		(Alcea setosa)
hampmalva		(Althaea cannabina)
läkemalva		(Althaea officinalis)
rumsmalva		(Anisodontea capensis)
liten glansmalva	(Anoda crenatiflora)
glansmalva		(Anoda cristata)
spjutmalva		(Anoda lanceolata)
tossajute		(Corchorus olitorius)
-			(Fuertesimalva peruviana)
-			(Fuertesimalva limensis)
hibiskus		(Hibiscus rosa-sinensis)
frilandshibiskus	(Hibiscus syriacus)
timvisare		(Hibiscus trionum)
balkanmalva		(Kitaibela vitifolia)
praktmalva		(Malope trifida)
rosenmalva		(Malva alcea)
jättemalva		(Malva arborea)
narrmalva		(Malva cretica)
myskmalva		(Malva moschata)
skär kattost		(Malva neglecta)
franskmalva		(Malva nicaeensis)
vassmalva		(Malva oxyloba)
kvarnkattost		(Malva parviflora)
falsk rödmalva		(Malva pseudolavatera)
prickmalva		(Malva punctata)
vit kattost		(Malva pusilla)
strävmalva		(Malva setigera)
rödmalva		(Malva sylvestris)
stor rödmalva		(Malva sylvestris ssp. mauritiana)
vanlig rödmalva		(Malva sylvestris ssp. sylvestris)
gråmalva		(Malva thuringiaca)
spetsmalva		(Malva thuringiaca ssp. ambigua)
äkta gråmalva		(Malva thuringiaca ssp. thuringiaca)
sommarmalva		(Malva trimestris)
kransmalva		(Malva verticillata)
krusmalva		(Malva verticillata var. crispa)
äkta kransmalva		(Malva verticillata var. verticillata)
mellanmalva		(Malva alcea × moschata)
skär kattost × vit kattost (Malva neglecta × pusilla)
-			(Malvastrum coromandelianum)
sprötmalva		(Modiola caroliniana)
sammetsmalva		(Sida cordifolia)
-			(Sida ovata)
smalmalva		(Sida rhombifolia)
taggmalva		(Sida spinosa)
vit axmalva		(Sidalcea candida)
röd axmalva		(Sidalcea malviflora)
bandmalva		(Sphaeralcea angustifolia)
skogslind		(Tilia cordata)
= lind
svartlind		(Tilia americana)
parklind		(Tilia × europaea)
bohuslind		(Tilia platyphyllos)
-			(Tilia platyphyllos ssp. cordifolia)
silverlind		(Tilia tomentosa)
triumfetta		(Triumfetta trichocarpa)

# Thymelaeaceae
lagertibast		(Daphne laureola)
tibast			(Daphne mezereum)
sparvört		(Thymelaea passerina)

# Cistaceae
gotlandssolvända	(Fumana procumbens)
-			(Helianthemum ledifolium)
-			(Helianthemum ledifolium ssp. lasiocarpum)
solvända		(Helianthemum nummularium)
ljus solvända		(Helianthemum nummularium ssp. nummularium)
mörk solvända		(Helianthemum nummularium ssp. obscurum)
röd solvända		(Helianthemum nummularium ssp. pyrenaicum)
ölandssolvända		(Helianthemum oelandicum)
filthårig ölandssolvända (Helianthemum oelandicum var. canescens)
äkta ölandssolvända	(Helianthemum oelandicum var. oelandicum)
fläcksolvända		(Tuberaria guttata)

# Tropaeolaceae
indiankrasse		(Tropaeolum majus)
fjärilskrasse		(Tropaeolum peregrinum)
eldkrasse		(Tropaeolum speciosum)

# Limnanthaceae
sumpört			(Limnanthes douglasii)

# Resedaceae
pärlreseda		(Oligomeris linifolia)
vitreseda		(Reseda alba)
spanskreseda		(Reseda complicata)
gulreseda		(Reseda lutea)
färgreseda		(Reseda luteola)
luktreseda		(Reseda odorata)
nickreseda		(Reseda phyteuma)
stjärnreseda		(Sesamoides canescens)

# Cleomaceae
morrhårsblomster	(Polanisia dodecandra)
paradisblomster		(Tarenaya hassleriana)

# Brassicaceae
löktrav			(Alliaria petiolata)
grådådra		(Alyssum alyssoides)
ulldådra		(Alyssum dasycarpum)
stäppdådra		(Alyssum desertorum)
kvarndådra		(Alyssum hirsutum)
liten stenört		(Alyssum montanum)
silverstenört		(Alyssum murale)
stiftdådra		(Alyssum rostratum)
smådådra		(Alyssum simplex)
-			(Alyssum strigosum)
sandtrav		(Arabidopsis arenosa)
vanlig sandtrav		(Arabidopsis arenosa ssp. arenosa)
lila sandtrav		(Arabidopsis arenosa ssp. borbasii)
gruvtrav		(Arabidopsis halleri)
strandtrav		(Arabidopsis petraea)
grustrav		(Arabidopsis suecica)
backtrav		(Arabidopsis thaliana)
fjälltrav		(Arabis alpina)
vanlig fjälltrav	(Arabis alpina var. alpina)
kal fjälltrav		(Arabis alpina var. glabrata)
majtrav			(Arabis × arendsii)
vårtrav			(Arabis blepharophylla)
fagertrav		(Arabis caucasica)
flocktrav		(Arabis ciliata)
hybridtrav		(Arabis × digenea)
lundtrav		(Arabis hirsuta)
kalktrav		(Arabis hirsuta var. glaberrima)
vanlig lundtrav		(Arabis hirsuta var. hirsuta)
bergtrav		(Arabis hirsuta var. subalpestris)
skärgårdstrav		(Arabis hirsuta var. utoeënsis)
sloktrav		(Arabis pendula)
gotlandstrav		(Arabis planisiliqua)
-			(Arabis planisiliqua ssp. nemorensis)
kryptrav		(Arabis procurrens)
pepparrot		(Armoracia rusticana)
aubrietia		(Aubrieta × cultorum)
-			(Aurinia petraea)
praktstenört		(Aurinia saxatilis)
mellangyllen		(Barbarea intermedia)
strandgyllen		(Barbarea stricta)
vårgyllen		(Barbarea verna)
sommargyllen		(Barbarea vulgaris)
vanlig sommargyllen	(Barbarea vulgaris var. arcuata)
bangyllen		(Barbarea vulgaris var. vulgaris)
mellangyllen × sommargyllen (Barbarea intermedia × vulgaris)
strandgyllen × sommargyllen (Barbarea stricta × vulgaris)
sandvita		(Berteroa incana)
-			(Boechera divaricarpa)
etiopisk kål		(Brassica carinata)
spretsenap		(Brassica deflexa)
-			(Brassica elongata)
-			(Brassica elongata ssp. elongata)
svartahavskål		(Brassica elongata ssp. integrifolia)
sareptasenap		(Brassica juncea)
kålrot/raps		(Brassica napus)
raps			(Brassica napus ssp. napus)
kålrot			(Brassica napus ssp. rapifera)
svartsenap		(Brassica nigra)
kål			(Brassica oleracea)
huvudkål		(Brassica oleracea var. capitata)
kålrabbi		(Brassica oleracea var. gongylodes)
broccoli		(Brassica oleracea var. italica)
fodermärgkål		(Brassica oleracea var. medullosa)
vildkål			(Brassica oleracea var. oleracea)
grönkål			(Brassica oleracea var. sabellica)
rova/rybs/åkerkål	(Brassica rapa)
åkerkål			(Brassica rapa ssp. campestris)
mizunakål		(Brassica rapa ssp. nipposinica)
rybs			(Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera)
rova			(Brassica rapa ssp. rapa)
medelhavskål		(Brassica tournefortii)
etiopisk kål × svartsenap (Brassica carinata × nigra)
kålrot/raps × rova/rybs/åkerkål (Brassica napus × rapa)
-			(Braya glabella)
purpurkrassing		(Braya glabella ssp. purpurascens)
fjällkrassing		(Braya linearis)
vingdådra		(Bunias erucago)
ryssgubbe		(Bunias orientalis)
marviol			(Cakile maritima)
baltisk marviol		(Cakile maritima ssp. baltica)
dynmarviol		(Cakile maritima ssp. integrifolia)
arktisk marviol		(Cakile maritima ssp. islandica)
atlantisk marviol	(Cakile maritima ssp. maritima)
baltisk marviol × dynmarviol (Cakile maritima ssp. baltica × ssp. integrifolia)
nötsenap		(Calepina irregularis)
lindådra		(Camelina alyssum)
-			(Camelina alyssum ssp. alyssum)
-			(Camelina alyssum ssp. integerrima)
smaldådra		(Camelina anomala)
-			(Camelina hispida)
sanddådra		(Camelina microcarpa)
-			(Camelina microcarpa ssp. microcarpa)
vanlig sanddådra	(Camelina microcarpa ssp. sylvestris)
balkandådra		(Camelina rumelica)
oljedådra		(Camelina sativa)
äkta oljedådra		(Camelina sativa ssp. sativa)
ryssdådra		(Camelina sativa ssp. zingeri)
lomme			(Capsella bursa-pastoris)
storlomme		(Capsella grandiflora)
rödlomme		(Capsella rubella)
bäckbräsma		(Cardamine amara)
fjällbräsma		(Cardamine bellidifolia)
tandrot			(Cardamine bulbifera)
kvastbräsma		(Cardamine corymbosa)
skogsbräsma		(Cardamine flexuosa)
källbräsma		(Cardamine flexuosa var. ambigua)
vanlig skogsbräsma	(Cardamine flexuosa var. flexuosa)
violtandrot		(Cardamine heptaphylla)
bergbräsma		(Cardamine hirsuta)
lundbräsma		(Cardamine impatiens)
ljusgul tandrot		(Cardamine kitaibelii)
-			(Cardamine occulta)
strandbräsma		(Cardamine parviflora)
fingertandrot		(Cardamine pentaphyllos)
ängsbräsma		(Cardamine pratensis)
polarbräsma		(Cardamine pratensis ssp. angustifolia)
kärrbräsma		(Cardamine pratensis ssp. paludosa)
äkta ängsbräsma		(Cardamine pratensis ssp. pratensis)
skogsbräsma × ängsbräsma (Cardamine flexuosa × pratensis)
skedsenap		(Carrichtera annua)
hönsrättika		(Chorispora tenella)
dansk skörbjuggsört	(Cochlearia danica)
grönländsk skörbjuggsört (Cochlearia groenlandica)
skörbjuggsört		(Cochlearia officinalis)
engelsk skörbjuggsört	(Cochlearia officinalis ssp. anglica)
källskörbjuggsört	(Cochlearia officinalis ssp. integrifolia)
norsk skörbjuggsört	(Cochlearia officinalis ssp. norvegica)
vanlig skörbjuggsört	(Cochlearia officinalis ssp. officinalis)
dansk skörbjuggsört × engelsk skörbjuggsört (Cochlearia danica × officinalis ssp. anglica)
lacksenap/brittsenap	(Coincya monensis)
lacksenap		(Coincya monensis ssp. cheiranthos)
brittsenap		(Coincya monensis ssp. monensis)
österrikisk kåltrav	(Conringia austriaca)
kåltrav			(Conringia orientalis)
turkisk kåltrav		(Conringia planisiliqua)
stäppkål		(Crambe cordifolia)
oljekål			(Crambe hispanica)
strandkål		(Crambe maritima)
cordobastillfrö		(Descurainia argentina)
grått stillfrö		(Descurainia incana)
indianstillfrö		(Descurainia pinnata)
stillfrö		(Descurainia sophia)
sågsenap		(Diplotaxis catholica)
vit mursenap		(Diplotaxis erucoides)
mursenap		(Diplotaxis muralis)
sandsenap		(Diplotaxis tenuifolia)
mursenap × sandsenap	(Diplotaxis muralis × tenuifolia)
barrdraba		(Draba aizoides)
gulldraba		(Draba alpina)
hårdraba		(Draba arctica)
blockdraba		(Draba cacuminum)
nordlig blockdraba	(Draba cacuminum ssp. angusticarpa)
= smaldraba
sydlig blockdraba	(Draba cacuminum ssp. cacuminum)
finndraba		(Draba cinerea)
kvastdraba		(Draba corymbosa)
dvärgdraba		(Draba crassifolia)
alpdraba		(Draba fladnizensis)
fjälldraba		(Draba glabella)
vanlig fjälldraba	(Draba glabella var. glabella)
dovredraba		(Draba glabella var. hebecarpa)
grådraba		(Draba incana)
lappdraba		(Draba lactea)
polardraba		(Draba micropetala)
lunddraba		(Draba muralis)
sanddraba		(Draba nemorosa)
isdraba			(Draba nivalis)
bergdraba		(Draba norvegica)
-			(Draba oblongata)
blekdraba		(Draba oxycarpa)
mossdraba		(Draba pauciflora)
krypdraba		(Draba sibirica)
raggdraba		(Draba subcapitata)
nagelört		(Draba verna)
gulldraba × alpdraba	(Draba alpina × fladnizensis)
gulldraba × fjälldraba	(Draba alpina × glabella)
gulldraba × lappdraba	(Draba alpina × lactea)
gulldraba × bergdraba	(Draba alpina × norvegica)
gulldraba × blekdraba	(Draba alpina × oxycarpa)
gulldraba × raggdraba	(Draba alpina × subcapitata)
hårdraba × kvastdraba	(Draba arctica × corymbosa)
alpdraba × fjälldraba	(Draba fladnizensis × glabella)
alpdraba × lappdraba	(Draba fladnizensis × lactea)
alpdraba × isdraba	(Draba fladnizensis × nivalis)
alpdraba × bergdraba	(Draba fladnizensis × norvegica)
alpdraba × raggdraba	(Draba fladnizensis × subcapitata)
fjälldraba × grådraba	(Draba glabella × incana)
fjälldraba × isdraba	(Draba glabella × nivalis)
fjälldraba × bergdraba	(Draba glabella × norvegica)
grådraba × bergdraba	(Draba incana × norvegica)
lappdraba × isdraba	(Draba lactea × nivalis)
lappdraba × bergdraba	(Draba lactea × norvegica)
lappdraba × blekdraba	(Draba lactea × oxycarpa)
isdraba × bergdraba	(Draba nivalis × norvegica)
-			(Enarthrocarpus lyratus)
senapskål		(Eruca vesicaria)
äkta senapskål		(Eruca vesicaria ssp. sativa)
vild senapskål		(Eruca vesicaria ssp. vesicaria)
-			(Erucaria hispanica)
afrikasenap		(Erucastrum abyssinicum)
boersenap		(Erucastrum austroafricanum)
kålsenap		(Erucastrum gallicum)
fränesenap		(Erucastrum nasturtiifolium)
kalkkrassing		(Erucastrum supinum)
åkerkårel		(Erysimum cheiranthoides)
storkårel		(Erysimum cheiranthoides ssp. altum)
vanlig åkerkårel	(Erysimum cheiranthoides ssp. cheiranthoides)
gyllenlack		(Erysimum cheiri)
blekkårel		(Erysimum crepidifolium)
indiankårel		(Erysimum inconspicuum)
hårdkårel		(Erysimum marschallianum)
sommarkårel		(Erysimum × marshallii)
kalkkårel		(Erysimum odoratum)
rysskårel		(Erysimum repandum)
bergkårel		(Erysimum strictum)
-			(Erysimum sylvestre)
karpaterkårel		(Erysimum witmannii)
näbbdådra		(Euclidium syriacum)
skidört			(Eutrema edwardsii)
örontrav		(Fourraea alpina)
-			(Heliophila linearifolia)
-			(Heliophila longifolia)
hesperis		(Hesperis matronalis)
= trädgårdsnattviol
rysshesperis		(Hesperis pycnotricha)
sorgört			(Hesperis tristis)
gråsenap		(Hirschfeldia incana)
alpkrassing		(Hornungia alpina)
stenkrassing		(Hornungia petraea)
saltkrassing		(Hornungia procumbens)
blomsteriberis		(Iberis amara)
vanlig blomsteriberis	(Iberis amara var. amara)
kantabrisk iberis	(Iberis amara var. arvatica)
-			(Iberis gibraltarica)
doftiberis		(Iberis odorata)
-			(Iberis pectinata)
vinteriberis		(Iberis sempervirens)
roseniberis		(Iberis umbellata)
violkrassing		(Ionopsidium acaule)
vejde			(Isatis tinctoria)
boreavia		(Isatis quadrialata)
skedkrassing		(Lepidium auriculatum)
fältkrassing		(Lepidium campestre)
hjärtkrassing		(Lepidium cordatum)
kråkkrassing		(Lepidium coronopus)
hamnkrassing		(Lepidium didymum)
syrisk/välsk krassing	(Lepidium draba)
syrisk krassing		(Lepidium draba ssp. chalepense)
välsk krassing		(Lepidium draba ssp. draba)
texaskrassing		(Lepidium austrinum)
flikkrassing		(Lepidium bonariense)
bankrassing		(Lepidium densiflorum)
gräskrassing		(Lepidium graminifolium)
vallkrassing		(Lepidium heterophyllum)
bitterkrassing		(Lepidium latifolium)
rundkrassing		(Lepidium neglectum)
-			(Lepidium nitidum)
hjulkrassing		(Lepidium perfoliatum)
grenkrassing		(Lepidium ramosissimum)
gatkrassing		(Lepidium ruderale)
smörgåskrasse		(Lepidium sativum)
axkrassing		(Lepidium spicatum)
taggkrassing		(Lepidium spinosum)
virginiakrassing	(Lepidium virginicum)
strandkrassing		(Lobularia maritima)
judaspenningar		(Lunaria annua)
vanliga judaspenningar	(Lunaria annua ssp. annua)
midaspenningar		(Lunaria annua ssp. pachyrhiza)
månviol			(Lunaria rediviva)
arabisk lövkoja		(Malcolmia africana)
egeisk lövkoja		(Malcolmia chia)
strandlövkoja		(Malcolmia maritima)
lövkoja			(Matthiola incana)
grekisk lövkoja		(Matthiola longipetala)
-			(Matthiola longipetala ssp. bicornis)
-			(Matthiola longipetala ssp. longipetala)
berberlövkoja		(Matthiola parviflora)
blåsenap		(Moricandia arvensis)
håldådra		(Myagrum perfoliatum)
bäckfräne		(Nasturtium microphyllum)
källfräne		(Nasturtium officinale)
vinterfräne		(Nasturtium × sterile)
korndådra		(Neslia paniculata)
vanlig korndådra	(Neslia paniculata ssp. paniculata)
vårtdådra		(Neslia paniculata ssp. thracica)
backskärvfrö		(Noccaea caerulescens)
storskärvfrö		(Noccaea caerulescens ssp. brachypetala)
vanligt backskärvfrö	(Noccaea caerulescens ssp. caerulescens)
vårskärvfrö		(Noccaea perfoliata)
penningtrav		(Peltaria alliacea)
torntrav		(Pseudoturritis turrita)
-			(Psychine stylosa)
åkerrättika		(Raphanus raphanistrum)
landrarättika		(Raphanus raphanistrum ssp. landra)
strandrättika		(Raphanus raphanistrum ssp. maritimus)
vanlig åkerrättika	(Raphanus raphanistrum ssp. raphanistrum)
rädisa/rättika		(Raphanus sativus)
rättika			(Raphanus sativus var. niger)
oljerättika		(Raphanus sativus var. oleiformis)
rädisa			(Raphanus sativus var. sativus)
åkerrättika × rädisa	(Raphanus raphanistrum × sativus)
flerårig stäppsenap	(Rapistrum perenne)
stäppsenap		(Rapistrum rugosum)
spansk stäppsenap	(Rapistrum rugosum ssp. linnaeanum)
orientalisk stäppsenap	(Rapistrum rugosum ssp. orientale)
hårig stäppsenap	(Rapistrum rugosum ssp. rugosum)
vattenfräne		(Rorippa amphibia)
mälarfräne		(Rorippa × anceps)
vägfräne		(Rorippa × armoracioides)
klotfräne		(Rorippa austriaca)
islandsfräne		(Rorippa islandica)
sumpfräne		(Rorippa palustris)
indianfräne		(Rorippa palustris ssp. hispida)
vanlig sumpfräne	(Rorippa palustris ssp. palustris)
strandfräne		(Rorippa sylvestris)
vattenfräne × sumpfräne (Rorippa amphibia × palustris)
sumpfräne × strandfräne (Rorippa palustris × sylvestris)
vitsenap		(Sinapis alba)
vanlig vitsenap		(Sinapis alba ssp. alba)
linsenap		(Sinapis alba ssp. dissecta)
åkersenap		(Sinapis arvensis)
= svinakåle
hamnsenap		(Sisymbrium altissimum)
donausenap		(Sisymbrium austriacum)
fransksenap		(Sisymbrium erysimoides)
vallsenap		(Sisymbrium irio)
borstsenap		(Sisymbrium loeselii)
ussurisenap		(Sisymbrium luteum)
vägsenap		(Sisymbrium officinale)
kal vägsenap		(Sisymbrium officinale var. leiocarpum)
hårig vägsenap		(Sisymbrium officinale var. officinale)
orientsenap		(Sisymbrium orientale)
-			(Sisymbrium orientale var. orientale)
-			(Sisymbrium orientale var. subhastatum)
knippsenap		(Sisymbrium polyceratium)
-			(Sisymbrium runcinatum)
hornsenap		(Sisymbrium septulatum)
styvsenap		(Sisymbrium strictissimum)
volgasenap		(Sisymbrium volgense)
hamnsenap × vägsenap	(Sisymbrium altissimum × officinale)
borstsenap × vägsenap	(Sisymbrium loeselii × officinale)
sylört			(Subularia aquatica)
sandkrassing		(Teesdalia nudicaulis)
lökskärvfrö		(Thlaspi alliaceum)
penningört		(Thlaspi arvense)
hornskärvfrö		(Thlaspi ceratocarpon)
rockentrav		(Turritis glabra)
rova/rybs/åkerkål × åkersenap (Brassica rapa × Sinapis arvensis)

# Capparaceae

# Santalaceae
spindelört		(Thesium alpinum)
pontisk spindelört	(Thesium ebracteatum)
mistel			(Viscum album)

# Frankeniaceae
småfrankenia		(Frankenia pulverulenta)

# Tamaricaceae
klådris			(Myricaria germanica)
kinesisk tamarisk	(Tamarix chinensis)
junitamarisk		(Tamarix parviflora)
hösttamarisk		(Tamarix ramosissima)

# Plumbaginaceae
trift			(Armeria maritima)
backtrift		(Armeria maritima ssp. elongata)
mellantrift		(Armeria maritima ssp. intermedia)
strandtrift		(Armeria maritima ssp. maritima)
fjälltrift		(Armeria scabra)
bohusmarrisp		(Limonium humile)
sommarrisp		(Limonium lobatum)
silverrisp		(Limonium platyphyllum)
blårisp/gulrisp		(Limonium sinuatum)
gulrisp			(Limonium sinuatum ssp. bonduellei)
blårisp			(Limonium sinuatum ssp. sinuatum)
marrisp			(Limonium vulgare)
hallandsmarrisp		(Limonium vulgare var. hallandicum)
vanlig marrisp		(Limonium vulgare var. vulgare)
bohusmarrisp × marrisp	(Limonium humile × vulgare)
blyblomma		(Plumbago auriculata)
hårig axrisp		(Psylliostachys spicata)
axrisp			(Psylliostachys suworowii)

# Polygonaceae
alpslide		(Aconogonon alpinum)
vippslide		(Aconogonon divaricatum)
finnslide		(Aconogonon × fennicum)
höstslide		(Aconogonon molle)
gråslide		(Aconogonon weyrichii)
bergormrot		(Bistorta affinis)
blodormrot		(Bistorta amplexicaulis)
stor ormrot		(Bistorta officinalis)
ormrot			(Bistorta vivipara)
taggskräppa		(Emex spinosa)
bovete			(Fagopyrum esculentum)
sibiriskt bovete	(Fagopyrum tataricum)
bokharabinda		(Fallopia baldschuanica)
åkerbinda		(Fallopia convolvulus)
lövbinda		(Fallopia dumetorum)
dvärgsyra		(Koenigia islandica)
slideranka		(Muehlenbeckia axillaris)
fjällsyra		(Oxyria digyna)
vattenpilört		(Persicaria amphibia)
taggpilört		(Persicaria bungeana)
slingerpilört		(Persicaria capitata)
ävjepilört		(Persicaria foliosa)
glattpilört		(Persicaria glabra)
bitterpilört		(Persicaria hydropiper)
pilört			(Persicaria lapathifolia)
-			(Persicaria lapathifolia ssp. brittingeri)
strandpilört		(Persicaria lapathifolia ssp. lapathifolia)
vanlig pilört		(Persicaria lapathifolia ssp. pallida)
fältpilört		(Persicaria lapathifolia var. incana)
linpilört		(Persicaria lapathifolia var. linicola)
-			(Persicaria lapathifolia ssp. syringifolia)
åkerpilört		(Persicaria maculosa)
hårpilört		(Persicaria maculosa ssp. hirticaulis)
vanlig åkerpilört	(Persicaria maculosa ssp. maculosa)
rosenpilört		(Persicaria minor)
vingpilört		(Persicaria nepalensis)
purpurpilört		(Persicaria orientalis)
kvarnpilört		(Persicaria pensylvanica)
gisselpilört		(Persicaria perfoliata)
klibbpilört		(Persicaria viscosa)
ävjepilört × pilört	(Persicaria foliosa × lapathifolia)
bitterpilört × pilört	(Persicaria hydropiper × lapathifolia)
bitterpilört × åkerpilört (Persicaria hydropiper × maculosa)
bitterpilört × rosenpilört (Persicaria hydropiper × minor)
åkerpilört × rosenpilört (Persicaria maculosa × minor)
pilgrimstrampört	(Polygonum achoreum)
fransk trampört		(Polygonum arenarium)
-			(Polygonum arenarium ssp. pulchellum)
persisk trampört	(Polygonum argyrocoleon)
trampört		(Polygonum aviculare)
stor trampört		(Polygonum aviculare ssp. aviculare)
nordtrampört		(Polygonum aviculare ssp. boreale)
stolt trampört		(Polygonum aviculare ssp. excelsius)
bägartrampört		(Polygonum aviculare ssp. microspermum)
smal trampört		(Polygonum aviculare ssp. neglectum)
spetstrampört		(Polygonum aviculare ssp. rurivagum)
busktrampört		(Polygonum bellardii)
amerikansk trampört	(Polygonum erectum)
näbbtrampört		(Polygonum oxyspermum)
rysk trampört		(Polygonum patulum)
dvärgtrampört		(Polygonum plebeium)
sandtrampört		(Polygonum raii)
norsk trampört		(Polygonum raii ssp. norvegicum)
engelsk trampört	(Polygonum raii ssp. raii)
gul trampört		(Polygonum ramosissimum)
-			(Polygonum salicifolium)
hybridslide		(Reynoutria × bohemica)
parkslide		(Reynoutria japonica)
rosenslide		(Reynoutria japonica var. compacta)
vanligt parkslide	(Reynoutria japonica var. japonica)
jätteslide		(Reynoutria sachalinensis)
läkerabarber		(Rheum officinale)
flikrabarber		(Rheum palmatum)
rabarber		(Rheum rhabarbarum)
munkrabarber		(Rheum rhaponticum)
syrenslide		(Rubrivena polystachya)
ängssyra		(Rumex acetosa)
äkta ängssyra		(Rumex acetosa ssp. acetosa)
vanlig ängssyra		(Rumex acetosa var. acetosa)
källängssyra		(Rumex acetosa var. fontanopaludosus)
dansk ängssyra		(Rumex acetosa var. hydrophilus)
smal ängssyra		(Rumex acetosa var. serpentinicola)
islandssyra		(Rumex acetosa ssp. islandicus)
lappsyra		(Rumex acetosa ssp. lapponicus)
bergsyra		(Rumex acetosella)
äkta bergsyra		(Rumex acetosella ssp. acetosella)
sandsyra		(Rumex acetosella ssp. arenicola)
gömsyra			(Rumex acetosella ssp. pyrenaica)
rödsyra			(Rumex acetosella ssp. tenuifolius)
alpskräppa		(Rumex alpinus)
stor hamnskräppa	(Rumex altissimus)
hästskräppa		(Rumex aquaticus)
kloskräppa		(Rumex brownii)
oxhornssyra		(Rumex bucephalophorus)
-			(Rumex bucephalophorus ssp. bucephalophorus)
-			(Rumex bucephalophorus ssp. hispanicus)
vippskräppa		(Rumex confertus)
dikesskräppa		(Rumex conglomeratus)
krusskräppa		(Rumex crispus)
vanlig krusskräppa	(Rumex crispus var. crispus)
klippskräppa		(Rumex crispus var. microcarpus)
ölandsskräppa		(Rumex crispus var. oelandicus)
-			(Rumex crispus var. microcarpus × crispus var. crispus)
kilskräppa		(Rumex cuneifolius)
tandskräppa		(Rumex dentatus)
äkta tandskräppa	(Rumex dentatus ssp. dentatus)
balkanskräppa		(Rumex dentatus ssp. halacsyi)
-			(Rumex dentatus ssp. klotzschianus)
-			(Rumex dentatus ssp. mesopotamicus)
kopparskräppa		(Rumex flexuosus)
grässyra		(Rumex graminifolius)
vattenskräppa		(Rumex hydrolapathum)
gårdsskräppa		(Rumex longifolius)
strandskräppa		(Rumex maritimus)
eldskräppa		(Rumex maritimus ssp. fueginus)
vanlig strandskräppa	(Rumex maritimus ssp. maritimus)
-			(Rumex marschallianus)
-			(Rumex nepalensis)
argentinsk skräppa	(Rumex obovatus)
tomtskräppa		(Rumex obtusifolius)
tandad tomtskräppa	(Rumex obtusifolius ssp. obtusifolius)
slät tomtskräppa	(Rumex obtusifolius ssp. sylvestris)
mellantomtskräppa	(Rumex obtusifolius ssp. transiens)
amerikansk vattenskräppa (Rumex orbiculatus)
sumpskräppa		(Rumex palustris)
-			(Rumex paraguayensis)
spenatskräppa		(Rumex patientia)
grynskräppa		(Rumex patientia ssp. callosus)
orientskräppa		(Rumex patientia ssp. orientalis)
vanlig spenatskräppa	(Rumex patientia ssp. patientia)
finnskräppa		(Rumex pseudonatronatus)
skönskräppa		(Rumex pulcher)
-			(Rumex pulcher ssp. pulcher)
-			(Rumex pulcher ssp. raulinii)
-			(Rumex pulcher ssp. woodsii)
trädgårdssyra		(Rumex rugosus)
skogsskräppa		(Rumex sanguineus)
blodskräppa		(Rumex sanguineus var. sanguineus)
vanlig skogsskräppa	(Rumex sanguineus var. viridis)
sköldsyra		(Rumex scutatus)
ungersk skräppa		(Rumex stenophyllus)
stor ängssyra		(Rumex thyrsiflorus)
hamnskräppa		(Rumex triangulivalvis)
-			(Rumex trisetifer)
violskräppa		(Rumex violascens)
äkta ängssyra × stor ängssyra (Rumex acetosa ssp. acetosa × thyrsiflorus)
alpskräppa × hästskräppa (Rumex alpinus × aquaticus)
alpskräppa × gårdsskräppa (Rumex alpinus × longifolius)
alpskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex alpinus × obtusifolius)
hästskräppa × vippskräppa (Rumex aquaticus × confertus)
hästskräppa × krusskräppa (Rumex aquaticus × crispus)
storskräppa		(Rumex aquaticus × hydrolapathum)
pepparrotsskräppa	(Rumex aquaticus × longifolius)
hästskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex aquaticus × obtusifolius)
hästskräppa × finnskräppa (Rumex aquaticus × pseudonatronatus)
hästskräppa × ungersk skräppa (Rumex aquaticus × stenophyllus)
vippskräppa × krusskräppa (Rumex confertus × crispus)
vippskräppa × gårdsskräppa (Rumex confertus × longifolius)
vippskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex confertus × obtusifolius)
vippskräppa × finnskräppa (Rumex confertus × pseudonatronatus)
dikesskräppa × krusskräppa (Rumex conglomeratus × crispus)
dikesskräppa × vattenskräppa (Rumex conglomeratus × hydrolapathum)
dikesskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex conglomeratus × obtusifolius)
dikesskräppa × sumpskräppa (Rumex conglomeratus × palustris)
dikesskräppa × skogsskräppa (Rumex conglomeratus × sanguineus)
krusskräppa × vattenskräppa (Rumex crispus × hydrolapathum)
krusskräppa × gårdsskräppa (Rumex crispus × longifolius)
krusskräppa × strandskräppa (Rumex crispus × maritimus)
krusskräppa × argentinsk skräppa (Rumex crispus × obovatus)
krusskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex crispus × obtusifolius)
krusskräppa × grynskräppa (Rumex crispus × patientia ssp. callosus)
krusskräppa × vanlig spenatskräppa (Rumex crispus × patientia ssp. patientia)
krusskräppa × sumpskräppa (Rumex crispus × palustris)
krusskräppa × finnskräppa (Rumex crispus × pseudonatronatus)
krusskräppa × skogsskräppa (Rumex crispus × sanguineus)
krusskräppa × ungersk skräppa (Rumex crispus × stenophyllus)
klippskräppa × gårdsskräppa (Rumex crispus var. microcarpus × longifolius)
klippskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex crispus var. microcarpus × obtusifolius)
vattenskräppa × gårdsskräppa (Rumex hydrolapathum × longifolius)
vattenskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex hydrolapathum × obtusifolius)
gårdsskräppa × argentinsk skräppa (Rumex longifolius × obovatus)
gårdsskräppa × tomtskräppa (Rumex longifolius × obtusifolius)
gårdsskräppa × sumpskräppa (Rumex longifolius × palustris)
gårdsskräppa × spenatskräppa (Rumex longifolius × patientia)
gårdsskräppa × finnskräppa (Rumex longifolius × pseudonatronatus)
gårdsskräppa × skogsskräppa (Rumex longifolius × sanguineus)
gårdsskräppa × ungersk skräppa (Rumex longifolius × stenophyllus)
gårdsskräppa × hamnskräppa (Rumex longifolius × triangulivalvis)
strandskräppa × sumpskräppa (Rumex maritimus × palustris)
tomtskräppa × sumpskräppa (Rumex obtusifolius × palustris)
tomtskräppa × finnskräppa (Rumex obtusifolius × pseudonatronatus)
tomtskräppa × skogsskräppa (Rumex obtusifolius × sanguineus)
tomtskräppa × ungersk skräppa (Rumex obtusifolius × stenophyllus)
trädgårdssyra × stor ängssyra (Rumex rugosus × thyrsiflorus)
bokharabinda × parkslide (Fallopia baldschuanica × Reynoutria japonica)

# Droseraceae
storsileshår		(Drosera anglica)
småsileshår		(Drosera intermedia)
rundsileshår		(Drosera rotundifolia)
storsileshår × rundsileshår (Drosera anglica × rotundifolia)

# Caryophyllaceae
klätt			(Agrostemma githago)
åkerklätt		(Agrostemma githago ssp. githago)
grekisk klätt		(Agrostemma githago ssp. thessalum)
sommarklätt		(Agrostemma gracile)
stjärnnarv		(Arenaria balearica)
mattnarv		(Arenaria biflora)
kalknarv		(Arenaria gothica)
grusnarv		(Arenaria humifusa)
spädnarv		(Arenaria leptoclados)
bergnarv		(Arenaria montana)
skrednarv		(Arenaria norvegica)
polarnarv		(Arenaria pseudofrigida)
sandnarv		(Arenaria serpyllifolia)
kustsandnarv		(Arenaria serpyllifolia ssp. lloydii)
vanlig sandnarv		(Arenaria serpyllifolia ssp. serpyllifolia)
rosenglim		(Atocion armeria)
bollglim		(Atocion compactum)
bergglim		(Atocion rupestre)
fjällarv		(Cerastium alpinum)
vanlig fjällarv		(Cerastium alpinum ssp. alpinum)
kal fjällarv		(Cerastium alpinum ssp. glabratum)
ullig fjällarv		(Cerastium alpinum ssp. lanatum)
svalbardsarv		(Cerastium arcticum)
fältarv			(Cerastium arvense)
tät silverarv		(Cerastium biebersteinii)
raggarv			(Cerastium brachypetalum)
lapparv			(Cerastium cerastoides)
dahurarv		(Cerastium davuricum)
gaffelarv		(Cerastium dichotomum)
västkustarv		(Cerastium diffusum)
kvarnarv		(Cerastium dubium)
hönsarv			(Cerastium fontanum)
riparv			(Cerastium fontanum ssp. fontanum)
vanlig hönsarv		(Cerastium fontanum ssp. vulgare)
kal hönsarv		(Cerastium fontanum var. holosteoides)
smal hönsarv		(Cerastium fontanum var. kajanense)
hårig hönsarv		(Cerastium fontanum var. vulgare)
knipparv		(Cerastium glomeratum)
klibbarv		(Cerastium glutinosum)
stjärnarv		(Cerastium ligusticum)
-			(Cerastium nigrescens)
snöarv			(Cerastium nigrescens var. laxum)
alvararv		(Cerastium pumilum)
polararv		(Cerastium regelii)
vårarv			(Cerastium semidecandrum)
östkustarv		(Cerastium subtetrandrum)
silverarv		(Cerastium tomentosum)
fjällarv × hönsarv	(Cerastium alpinum × fontanum)
fjällarv × snöarv	(Cerastium alpinum × nigrescens)
vanlig fjällarv × lapparv (Cerastium alpinum ssp. alpinum × cerastoides)
vanlig fjällarv × riparv (Cerastium alpinum ssp. alpinum × fontanum ssp. fontanum)
vanlig fjällarv × vanlig hönsarv (Cerastium alpinum ssp. alpinum × fontanum ssp. vulgare)
kal fjällarv × riparv	(Cerastium alpinum ssp. glabratum × fontanum ssp. fontanum)
svalbardsarv × polararv (Cerastium arcticum × regelii)
fältarv × silverarv	(Cerastium arvense × tomentosum)
västkustarv × hönsarv	(Cerastium diffusum × fontanum)
riparv × snöarv		(Cerastium fontanum ssp. fontanum × nigrescens)
vanlig hönsarv × alvararv (Cerastium fontanum ssp. vulgare × pumilum)
klibbarv × östkustarv	(Cerastium glutinosum × subtetrandrum)
vårarv × östkustarv	(Cerastium semidecandrum × subtetrandrum)
-			(Chaetonychia cymosa)
skorem			(Corrigiola litoralis)
stor skorem		(Corrigiola telephiifolia)
sandnejlika		(Dianthus arenarius)
skånsk sandnejlika	(Dianthus arenarius ssp. arenarius)
stor sandnejlika	(Dianthus arenarius ssp. borussicus)
knippnejlika		(Dianthus armeria)
borstnejlika		(Dianthus barbatus)
brödranejlika		(Dianthus carthusianorum)
trädgårdsnejlika	(Dianthus caryophyllus)
sommarnejlika		(Dianthus chinensis)
blodnejlika		(Dianthus cruentus)
brosknejlika		(Dianthus cyri)
backnejlika		(Dianthus deltoides)
-			(Dianthus giganteus)
glaciärnejlika		(Dianthus glacialis)
bergnejlika		(Dianthus gratianopolitanus)
svavelnejlika		(Dianthus knappii)
fjädernejlika		(Dianthus plumarius)
-			(Dianthus seguieri)
praktnejlika		(Dianthus superbus)
knippnejlika × backnejlika (Dianthus armeria × deltoides)
borstnejlika × sommarnejlika (Dianthus barbatus × chinensis)
borstnejlika × praktnejlika (Dianthus barbatus × superbus)
trädgårdsnejlika × sommarnejlika (Dianthus caryophyllus × chinensis)
backnejlika × praktnejlika (Dianthus deltoides × superbus)
nejlikglim		(Eudianthe coeli-rosa)
stäppslöja		(Gypsophila acutifolia)
sommarslöja		(Gypsophila elegans)
såpört			(Gypsophila fastigiata)
grusnejlika		(Gypsophila muralis)
silverslöja		(Gypsophila oldhamiana)
brudslöja		(Gypsophila paniculata)
-			(Gypsophila perfoliata)
hårslöja		(Gypsophila pilosa)
hängslöja		(Gypsophila repens)
rosenslöja		(Gypsophila ´Rosenschleier´)
-			(Gypsophila scorzonerifolia)
jungfruslöja		(Gypsophila viscosa)
-			(Herniaria ciliolata)
knytling		(Herniaria glabra)
gråknytling/luddknytling (Herniaria hirsuta)
gråknytling		(Herniaria hirsuta ssp. cinerea)
luddknytling		(Herniaria hirsuta ssp. hirsuta)
ryssknytling		(Herniaria polygama)
fågelarv		(Holosteum umbellatum)
saltarv			(Honckenya peploides)
arktisk saltarv		(Honckenya peploides ssp. diffusa)
vanlig saltarv		(Honckenya peploides ssp. peploides)
glimmerört		(Illecebrum verticillatum)
turkstjärnblomma	(Lepyrodiclis holosteoides)
-			(Loeflingia baetica)
afrikaglim		(Lychnis abyssinica)
studentnejlika		(Lychnis chalcedonica)
purpurklätt		(Lychnis coronaria)
gökblomster		(Lychnis flos-cuculi)
vanligt gökblomster	(Lychnis flos-cuculi ssp. flos-cuculi)
-			(Lychnis flos-cuculi ssp. subintegra)
jupitersblomster	(Lychnis flos-jovis)
-			(Lychnis fulgens)
eldklätt		(Lychnis × haageana)
fjällnörel		(Minuartia biflora)
-			(Minuartia biflora var. serpentinicola)
-			(Minuartia biflora var. biflora)
spädnörel		(Minuartia hybrida)
-			(Minuartia hybrida ssp. hybrida)
-			(Minuartia hybrida ssp. tenuifolia)
styvnörel		(Minuartia laricifolia)
groddnörel		(Minuartia rossii)
rödnörel		(Minuartia rubella)
raknörel		(Minuartia stricta)
vårnörel		(Minuartia verna)
sandnörel		(Minuartia viscosa)
ryssnarv		(Moehringia lateriflora)
mossnarv		(Moehringia muscosa)
skogsnarv		(Moehringia trinervia)
styvarv			(Moenchia mantica)
sprödarv		(Myosoton aquaticum)
prasselört		(Paronychia argentea)
hylsnejlika		(Petrorhagia prolifera)
klippnejlika		(Petrorhagia saxifraga)
tusenfrö		(Polycarpon tetraphyllum)
fältnarv		(Sagina apetala)
tuvnarv			(Sagina caespitosa)
strandnarv		(Sagina maritima)
hårnarv			(Sagina micropetala)
dvärgnarv		(Sagina nivalis)
normansnarv		(Sagina × normaniana)
knutnarv		(Sagina nodosa)
nordknutnarv		(Sagina nodosa ssp. borealis)
sydknutnarv		(Sagina nodosa ssp. nodosa)
krypnarv		(Sagina procumbens)
stennarv		(Sagina saginoides)
sylnarv			(Sagina subulata)
krypnarv × sylnarv	(Sagina procumbens × subulata)
sommarsåpnejlika	(Saponaria calabrica)
liten såpnejlika	(Saponaria ocymoides)
såpnejlika		(Saponaria officinalis)
orientalisk såpnejlika	(Saponaria orientalis)
grönknavel		(Scleranthus annuus)
åkerknavel		(Scleranthus annuus ssp. annuus)
tuvknavel		(Scleranthus annuus ssp. polycarpos)
vitknavel		(Scleranthus perennis)
grönknavel × vitknavel	(Scleranthus annuus × perennis)
fjällglim		(Silene acaulis)
tjärglim		(Silene antirrhina)
bärglim			(Silene baccifera)
-			(Silene behen)
luddglim		(Silene bellidifolia)
smalglim		(Silene borysthenica)
brokglim		(Silene colorata)
sandglim		(Silene conica)
kvarnglim		(Silene conoidea)
kretaglim		(Silene cretica)
orientglim		(Silene csereii)
gaffelglim		(Silene dichotoma)
vanlig gaffelglim	(Silene dichotoma ssp. dichotoma)
anatolisk gaffelglim	(Silene dichotoma ssp. racemosa)
rödblära		(Silene dioica)
vanlig rödblära		(Silene dioica var. dioica)
dvärgrödblära		(Silene dioica var. serpentinicola)
kal rödblära		(Silene dioica var. smithii)
nätglim			(Silene fabaria)
purpurglim		(Silene fuscata)
franskglim		(Silene gallica)
engelskglim		(Silene gallica var. anglica)
äkta franskglim		(Silene gallica var. gallica)
prickglim		(Silene gallica var. quinquevulnera)
-			(Silene involucrata)
spetsbergsblära		(Silene involucrata ssp. furcata)
polarblära		(Silene involucrata ssp. tenella)
romarglim		(Silene italica)
-			(Silene latifolia)
vitblära		(Silene latifolia ssp. alba)
linglim			(Silene linicola)
lydisk sandglim		(Silene lydia)
-			(Silene micropetala)
fransglim		(Silene multifida)
flugglim		(Silene muscipula)
nattglim		(Silene noctiflora)
medelhavsglim		(Silene nocturna)
backglim		(Silene nutans)
kal backglim		(Silene nutans var. infracta)
vanlig backglim		(Silene nutans var. nutans)
kvastglim		(Silene otites)
sommarglim		(Silene pendula)
-			(Silene portensis)
-			(Silene pseudoatocion)
höstglim		(Silene schafta)
spansk färgglim		(Silene secundiflora)
vingglim		(Silene stricta)
stor sandglim		(Silene subconica)
ryssglim		(Silene tatarica)
strandglim		(Silene uniflora)
alvarglim		(Silene uniflora ssp. petraea)
vanlig strandglim	(Silene uniflora ssp. uniflora)
-			(Silene uralensis)
isblära			(Silene uralensis ssp. arctica)
-			(Silene viridiflora)
klibbglim		(Silene viscosa)
smällglim		(Silene vulgaris)
smalbladig smällglim	(Silene vulgaris ssp. angustifolia)
bredbladig smällglim	(Silene vulgaris ssp. commutata)
-			(Silene vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
finnglim		(Silene vulgaris var. litoralis)
-			(Silene vulgaris var. vulgaris)
fjällblära		(Silene wahlbergella)
rödblära × vitblära	(Silene dioica × latifolia)
polarblära × fjällblära (Silene involucrata ssp. tenella × wahlbergella)
alvarglim × smällglim	(Silene uniflora ssp. petraea × vulgaris)
vanlig strandglim × smällglim (Silene uniflora ssp. uniflora × vulgaris)
åkerspärgel		(Spergula arvensis)
sydspärgel		(Spergula arvensis ssp. arvensis)
linspärgel		(Spergula arvensis ssp. linicola)
jättespärgel		(Spergula arvensis ssp. maxima)
foderspärgel		(Spergula arvensis ssp. sativa)
vårspärgel		(Spergula morisonii)
-			(Spergularia bocconei)
saltnarv		(Spergularia marina)
havsnarv		(Spergularia media)
-			(Spergularia nicaeensis)
-			(Spergularia platensis)
-			(Spergularia purpurea)
rödnarv			(Spergularia rubra)
källarv			(Stellaria alsine)
norrlandsarv		(Stellaria borealis)
sumparv			(Stellaria crassifolia)
strandsumparv		(Stellaria crassifolia var. minor)
kärrsumparv		(Stellaria crassifolia var. paludosa)
finnstjärnblomma	(Stellaria fennica)
grässtjärnblomma	(Stellaria graminea)
kolastjärnblomma	(Stellaria hebecalyx)
buskstjärnblomma	(Stellaria holostea)
ishavsstjärnblomma	(Stellaria humifusa)
skogsstjärnblomma	(Stellaria longifolia)
polarstjärnblomma	(Stellaria longipes)
våtarv			(Stellaria media)
= vassarv
strandvåtarv		(Stellaria media var. maritima)
vanlig våtarv		(Stellaria media var. media)
bokarv			(Stellaria neglecta)
lundarv			(Stellaria nemorum)
sydlundarv		(Stellaria nemorum ssp. montana)
nordlundarv		(Stellaria nemorum ssp. nemorum)
blekarv			(Stellaria pallida)
kärrstjärnblomma	(Stellaria palustris)
-			(Stellaria ponojensis)
norrlandsarv × grässtjärnblomma (Stellaria borealis × graminea)
norrlandsarv × skogsstjärnblomma (Stellaria borealis × longifolia)
finnstjärnblomma × grässtjärnblomma (Stellaria fennica × graminea)
grässtjärnblomma × skogsstjärnblomma (Stellaria graminea × longifolia)
grässtjärnblomma × kärrstjärnblomma (Stellaria graminea × palustris)
åkernejlika		(Vaccaria hispanica)
fjällnejlika		(Viscaria alpina)
vanlig fjällnejlika	(Viscaria alpina var. alpina)
öländsk fjällnejlika	(Viscaria alpina var. oelandica)
spenslig fjällnejlika	(Viscaria alpina var. serpentinicola)
tjärblomster		(Viscaria vulgaris)
mörkt tjärblomster	(Viscaria vulgaris ssp. atropurpurea)
vanligt tjärblomster	(Viscaria vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
fjällnejlika × tjärblomster (Viscaria alpina × vulgaris)

# Amaranthaceae
papegojblad		(Alternanthera ficoidea)
mållalternant		(Alternanthera halimifolia)
alligatorblad		(Alternanthera philoxeroides)
stickalternant		(Alternanthera pungens)
klyvamarant		(Amaranthus acutilobus)
vit amarant		(Amaranthus albus)
sandamarant		(Amaranthus arenicola)
skedamarant		(Amaranthus blitoides)
mållamarant		(Amaranthus blitum)
-			(Amaranthus bouchonii)
krokamarant		(Amaranthus capensis)
-			(Amaranthus capensis ssp. uncinatus)
rävsvans		(Amaranthus caudatus)
krusamarant		(Amaranthus crispus)
krypamarant		(Amaranthus deflexus)
boeramarant		(Amaranthus dinteri)
bladamarant		(Amaranthus dubius)
grekamarant		(Amaranthus graecizans)
smalbladig grekamarant	(Amaranthus graecizans var. graecizans)
bredbladig grekamarant	(Amaranthus graecizans var. sylvestris)
grönamarant/toppamarant (Amaranthus hybridus)
blodamarant		(Amaranthus hybridus ssp. cruentus)
nålamarant		(Amaranthus hybridus ssp. hybridus)
toppamarant		(Amaranthus hybridus ssp. hypochondriacus)
grönamarant		(Amaranthus hybridus ssp. powellii)
stjärnamarant		(Amaranthus macrocarpus)
-			(Amaranthus mitchellii)
bandamarant		(Amaranthus muricatus)
kvarnamarant		(Amaranthus palmeri)
trattamarant		(Amaranthus polygonoides)
uddamarant		(Amaranthus quitensis)
svinamarant		(Amaranthus retroflexus)
kansasamarant		(Amaranthus rudis)
taggamarant		(Amaranthus spinosus)
nötamarant		(Amaranthus standleyanus)
ullamarant		(Amaranthus thunbergii)
smalamarant		(Amaranthus viridis)
-			(Atriplex angulata)
-			(Atriplex argentea)
-			(Atriplex australasica)
-			(Atriplex belangeri)
flikmålla		(Atriplex calotheca)
-			(Atriplex dimorphostegia)
broskmålla		(Atriplex glabriuscula)
trädgårdsmålla		(Atriplex hortensis)
sandmålla		(Atriplex laciniata)
glattmålla		(Atriplex laevis)
ishavsmålla		(Atriplex lapponica)
fnasmålla		(Atriplex lasiantha)
-			(Atriplex leptocarpa)
strandmålla		(Atriplex littoralis)
brådmålla/skaftmålla	(Atriplex longipes)
skaftmålla		(Atriplex longipes ssp. longipes)
brådmålla		(Atriplex longipes ssp. praecox)
-			(Atriplex micrantha)
-			(Atriplex oblongifolia)
vägmålla		(Atriplex patula)
saltmålla		(Atriplex pedunculata)
tuppkamsmålla		(Atriplex pentandra)
-			(Atriplex platensis)
portlakmålla		(Atriplex portulacoides)
spjutmålla		(Atriplex prostrata)
-			(Atriplex pseudocampanulata)
silvermålla		(Atriplex rosea)
glansmålla		(Atriplex sagittata)
nötmålla		(Atriplex sibirica)
australmålla		(Atriplex suberecta)
axmålla			(Atriplex tatarica)
-			(Atriplex tricostata)
flikmålla × skaftmålla	(Atriplex calotheca × longipes ssp. longipes)
flikmålla × broskmålla	(Atriplex calotheca × glabriuscula)
flikmålla × spjutmålla	(Atriplex calotheca × prostrata)
broskmålla × skaftmålla (Atriplex glabriuscula × longipes ssp. longipes)
broskmålla × brådmålla	(Atriplex glabriuscula × longipes ssp. praecox)
broskmålla × spjutmålla (Atriplex glabriuscula × prostrata)
ishavsmålla × brådmålla (Atriplex lapponica × longipes ssp. praecox)
ishavsmålla × spjutmålla (Atriplex lapponica × prostrata)
strandmålla × brådmålla/skaftmålla (Atriplex littoralis × longipes)
strandmålla × vägmålla	(Atriplex littoralis × patula)
skaftmålla × spjutmålla (Atriplex longipes ssp. longipes × prostrata)
brådmålla × spjutmålla	(Atriplex longipes ssp. praecox × prostrata)
amarantmålla		(Axyris amaranthoides)
liten amarantmålla	(Axyris hybrida)
krokmålla		(Bassia hyssopifolia)
kvastmålla		(Bassia scoparia)
hamnkvastmålla		(Bassia scoparia ssp. densiflora)
sommarcypress		(Bassia scoparia ssp. scoparia)
-			(Bassia sedoides)
liten strandbeta	(Beta macrocarpa)
kaukasusbeta		(Beta trigyna)
beta			(Beta vulgaris)
strandbeta		(Beta vulgaris ssp. maritima)
vanlig beta		(Beta vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
sockerbeta		(Beta vulgaris var. altissima)
mangold			(Beta vulgaris var. cicla)
foderbeta		(Beta vulgaris var. rapacea)
rödbeta			(Beta vulgaris var. vulgaris)
lungrot			(Blitum bonus-henricus)
smultronmålla		(Blitum capitatum)
-			(Blitum nuttallianum)
spansk bärmålla		(Blitum petiolare)
bärmålla		(Blitum virgatum)
celosia			(Celosia argentea)
lönnmålla		(Chenopodiastrum hybridum)
gatmålla		(Chenopodiastrum murale)
platanmålla		(Chenopodiastrum simplex)
-			(Chenopodium acerifolium)
pärlmålla		(Chenopodium acuminatum)
svinmålla		(Chenopodium album)
vanlig svinmålla	(Chenopodium album var. album)
nätmålla		(Chenopodium album var. reticulatum)
-			(Chenopodium auricomum)
texasmålla		(Chenopodium berlandieri)
pampasmålla		(Chenopodium borbasioides)
hundrovemålla		(Chenopodium bryoniaefolium)
fikonmålla		(Chenopodium ficifolium)
slät fikonmålla		(Chenopodium ficifolium ssp. blomianum)
vanlig fikonmålla	(Chenopodium ficifolium ssp. ficifolium)
praktmålla		(Chenopodium giganteum)
bockmålla		(Chenopodium hircinum)
mongolmålla		(Chenopodium karoi)
hönsmålla		(Chenopodium missouriense)
-			(Chenopodium mucronatum)
olvonmålla		(Chenopodium opulifolium)
-			(Chenopodium pedunculare)
pilcomayomålla		(Chenopodium pilcomayense)
smalmålla		(Chenopodium pratericola)
probstmålla		(Chenopodium probstii)
purpurmålla		(Chenopodium purpurascens)
mjölmålla		(Chenopodium quinoa)
turkmålla		(Chenopodium sosnowskyi)
östersjömålla		(Chenopodium striatiforme)
olivmålla/präriemålla	(Chenopodium strictum)
präriemålla		(Chenopodium strictum ssp. glaucophyllum)
olivmålla		(Chenopodium strictum ssp. strictum)
svenskmålla		(Chenopodium suecicum)
käppmålla		(Chenopodium virgatum)
stinkmålla		(Chenopodium vulvaria)
svinmålla × olvonmålla	(Chenopodium album × opulifolium)
fikonmålla × svenskmålla (Chenopodium ficifolium × suecicum)
ryskt lusfrö		(Corispermum declinatum)
lusfrö			(Corispermum intermedium)
-			(Cycloloma atriplicifolium)
dieselmålla		(Dysphania ambrosioides)
maskmålla		(Dysphania anthelmintica)
ekmålla			(Dysphania botrys)
kölmålla		(Dysphania carinata)
kammålla		(Dysphania cristata)
-			(Dysphania glomulifera)
svartmålla		(Dysphania melanocarpa)
ullmålla		(Dysphania multifida)
-			(Dysphania pseudomultiflora)
pygmémålla		(Dysphania pumilio)
drakmålla		(Dysphania schraderiana)
kölmålla × kammålla	(Dysphania carinata × cristata)
kammålla × svartmålla	(Dysphania cristata × melanocarpa)
klotamarant		(Gomphrena globosa)
rankspenat		(Hablitzia tamnoides)
-			(Kali collina)
rysk sodaört		(Kali tragus)
sodaört			(Kali turgidum)
fiskmålla		(Lipandra polysperma)
-			(Oxybasis antarctica)
druvmålla		(Oxybasis chenopodioides)
blåmålla		(Oxybasis glauca)
vanlig blåmålla		(Oxybasis glauca ssp. glauca)
amerikansk blåmålla	(Oxybasis glauca ssp. salina)
-			(Oxybasis macrosperma)
rödmålla		(Oxybasis rubra)
bymålla			(Oxybasis urbica)
broskört		(Polycnemum arvense)
stor broskört		(Polycnemum majus)
glasört			(Salicornia europaea)
styv glasört		(Salicornia procumbens)
ishavsglasört		(Salicornia procumbens ssp. pojarkovae)
-			(Salicornia procumbens ssp. procumbens)
-			(Sclerolaena eriacantha)
-			(Sclerolaena muricata)
spenat			(Spinacia oleracea)
luddmålla		(Spirobassia hirsuta)
stor saltört		(Suaeda altissima)
hornsaltört		(Suaeda corniculata)
saltört			(Suaeda maritima)
-			(Suaeda vera)
renlavsmålla		(Teloxys aristata)
bomullsamarant		(Tidestromia lanuginosa)

# Aizoaceae
hjärtreva		(Aptenia cordifolia)
gul middagsblomma	(Carpobrotus edulis)
stor doroteablomma	(Dorotheanthus bellidiformis)
galenia			(Galenia secunda)
kantig isört		(Mesembryanthemum aitonis)
isört			(Mesembryanthemum crystallinum)
gul isört		(Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum)
taggtetragonia		(Tetragonia echinata)
nyzeeländsk spenat	(Tetragonia tetragonoides)

# Phytolaccaceae
kermesbär		(Phytolacca acinosa)
amerikanskt kermesbär	(Phytolacca americana)

# Nyctaginaceae
underblomma		(Mirabilis jalapa)
gytterblomma		(Mirabilis nyctaginea)

# Molluginaceae
kransört		(Mollugo verticillata)

# Montiaceae
deltasidenblomma	(Calandrinia compressa)
-			(Calandrinia ciliata)
röd sidenblomma		(Calandrinia ciliata var. menziesii)
vinterportlak		(Claytonia perfoliata)
vårsköna		(Claytonia sibirica)
vårkällört		(Montia arvensis)
källört			(Montia fontana)
vanlig källört		(Montia fontana ssp. fontana)
vårtkällört		(Montia fontana ssp. variabilis)
smalbladig källört	(Montia linearis)

# Basellaceae
malabarspenat		(Basella alba)

# Talinacaceae
bärnstensvippa		(Talinum paniculatum)

# Portulacaceae
praktportlak		(Portulaca grandiflora)
grynportlak		(Portulaca granulatostellulata)
slätportlak		(Portulaca nitida)
vildportlak		(Portulaca oleracea)
= portlak
papillportlak		(Portulaca papillatostellulata)
trädgårdsportlak	(Portulaca sativa)
vårtportlak		(Portulaca trituberculata)

# Cactaceae
fikonkaktus		(Opuntia ficus-indica)
trädkaktus		(Pereskia aculeata)

# Cornaceae
rysk kornell		(Cornus alba)
pagodkornell		(Cornus controversa)
körsbärskornell		(Cornus mas)
silverkornell		(Cornus racemosa)
skogskornell		(Cornus sanguinea)
videkornell		(Cornus sericea)
hönsbär			(Cornus suecica)

# Hydrangeaceae
-			(Deutzia corymbosa)
strävdeutzia		(Deutzia crenata)
bruddeutzia		(Deutzia gracilis)
klockdeutzia		(Deutzia × kalmiiflora)
rikblommig deutzia	(Deutzia × lemoinei)
purpurdeutzia		(Deutzia purpurascens)
klätterhortensia	(Hydrangea anomala)
-			(Hydrangea anomala ssp. petiolaris)
vidjehortensia		(Hydrangea arborescens)
rosenhortensia		(Hydrangea heteromalla)
hortensia		(Hydrangea macrophylla)
vipphortensia		(Hydrangea paniculata)
doftschersmin		(Philadelphus coronarius)
-			(Philadelphus × floribundus)
fåblommig schersmin	(Philadelphus floridus)
storblommig schersmin	(Philadelphus inodorus)
småblommig schersmin	(Philadelphus × lemoinei)
gordonschersmin		(Philadelphus lewisii)
kungsschersmin		(Philadelphus pubescens)
kameliaschersmin	(Philadelphus × virginalis)

# Loasaceae
färgkrona		(Nasa triphylla)

# Balsaminaceae
hornbalsamin		(Impatiens balfourii)
balsamin		(Impatiens balsamina)
apelsinbalsamin		(Impatiens capensis)
-			(Impatiens cristata)
jättebalsamin		(Impatiens glandulifera)
springkorn		(Impatiens noli-tangere)
blekbalsamin		(Impatiens parviflora)
flitiga Lisa		(Impatiens walleriana)

# Polemoniaceae
neonblomster		(Collomia biflora)
-			(Collomia grandiflora)
limfrö			(Collomia linearis)
trådgilia		(Eriastrum virgatum)
fjädergilia		(Gilia achilleifolia)
-			(Gilia achilleifolia ssp. achilleifolia)
-			(Gilia achilleifolia ssp. multicaulis)
bollgilia		(Gilia capitata)
flikgilia		(Gilia laciniata)
bukettgilia		(Gilia tricolor)
barrgilia		(Linanthus androsaceus)
nejlikgilia		(Linanthus dianthiflorus)
klotgilia		(Linanthus grandiflorus)
nätnavarretia		(Navarretia intertexta)
nålnavarretia		(Navarretia peninsularis)
navarretia		(Navarretia squarrosa)
sommarflox		(Phlox drummondii)
höstflox		(Phlox paniculata)
krypflox		(Phlox stolonifera)
mossflox		(Phlox subulata)
lappblågull		(Polemonium acutiflorum)
polarblågull		(Polemonium boreale)
blågull			(Polemonium caeruleum)
gult blågull		(Polemonium pauciflorum)
krypblågull		(Polemonium reptans)
hybridblågull		(Polemonium × richardsonii)
polarblågull × blågull	(Polemonium boreale × caeruleum)

# Primulaceae
sandviva		(Androsace elongata)
trådviva		(Androsace filiformis)
fältviva		(Androsace maxima)
grusviva		(Androsace septentrionalis)
cyklamen		(Cyclamen persicum)
höstcyklamen		(Cyclamen hederifolium)
vattenblink		(Hottonia palustris)
rödmire			(Lysimachia arvensis)
guldlysing		(Lysimachia ciliata)
vitlysing		(Lysimachia clethroides)
skogsstjärna		(Lysimachia europaea)
blåmire			(Lysimachia foemina)
strandkrypa		(Lysimachia maritima)
knutört			(Lysimachia minima)
praktmire		(Lysimachia monelli)
skogslysing		(Lysimachia nemorum)
penningblad		(Lysimachia nummularia)
praktlysing		(Lysimachia punctata)
krypmire		(Lysimachia tenella)
smallysing		(Lysimachia terrestris)
topplösa		(Lysimachia thyrsiflora)
strandlysing		(Lysimachia vulgaris)
= videört
rödmire × blåmire	(Lysimachia arvensis × foemina)
aurikel			(Primula auricula)
bollviva		(Primula denticulata)
grönlandsviva		(Primula egaliksensis)
lundviva		(Primula elatior)
äkta lundviva		(Primula elatior ssp. elatior)
kaukasisk lundviva	(Primula elatior ssp. pallasii)
majviva			(Primula farinosa)
sommarviva		(Primula florindae)
krypviva		(Primula juliae)
strandviva		(Primula nutans)
-			(Primula nutans ssp. finmarchica)
finnmarksviva		(Primula nutans var. finmarchica)
bottenviksviva		(Primula nutans var. jokelae)
trädgårdsviva		(Primula × polyantha)
violviva		(Primula × pruhoniciana)
fjällviva		(Primula scandinavica)
smalviva		(Primula stricta)
gullviva		(Primula veris)
jordviva		(Primula vulgaris)
lundviva × gullviva	(Primula elatior × veris)
lundviva × gullviva × jordviva (Primula elatior × veris × vulgaris)
lundviva × jordviva	(Primula elatior × vulgaris)
fjällviva × smalviva	(Primula scandinavica × stricta)
gullviva × jordviva	(Primula veris × vulgaris)
bunge			(Samolus valerandi)
skogsalpklocka		(Soldanella montana)

# Diapensiaceae
fjällgröna		(Diapensia lapponica)
rödrot			(Galax urceolata)

# Styracaceae
snödroppsträd		(Halesia carolina)

# Sarraceniaceae
gul flugtrumpet		(Sarracenia flava)
flugtrumpet		(Sarracenia purpurea)
gul flugtrumpet × flugtrumpet (Sarracenia flava × purpurea)

# Actinidiaceae
krusbärsaktinidia	(Actinidia arguta)
kiwi			(Actinidia deliciosa)
kameleontbuske		(Actinidia kolomikta)

# Ericaceae
rosling			(Andromeda polifolia)
mjölon			(Arctostaphylos uva-ursi)
ripbär			(Arctous alpina)
ljung			(Calluna vulgaris)
kantljung		(Cassiope tetragona)
finnmyrten		(Chamaedaphne calyculata)
ryl			(Chimaphila umbellata)
konvaljbuske		(Clethra alnifolia)
kråkbär			(Empetrum nigrum)
= kråkris
nordkråkbär		(Empetrum nigrum ssp. hermaphroditum)
sydkråkbär		(Empetrum nigrum ssp. nigrum)
klockbuske		(Enkianthus campanulatus)
vårljung		(Erica carnea)
purpurljung		(Erica cinerea)
klockljung		(Erica tetralix)
bärljung		(Gaultheria mucronata)
vaktelbär		(Gaultheria shallon)
mossljung		(Harrimanella hypnoides)
smalbladig kalmia	(Kalmia angustifolia)
krypljung		(Kalmia procumbens)
virginsk vinterrosling	(Leucothoë axillaris)
ögonpyrola		(Moneses uniflora)
tallört			(Monotropa hypopitys)
kal tallört		(Monotropa hypopitys ssp. hypophegea)
vanlig tallört		(Monotropa hypopitys ssp. hypopitys)
björkpyrola		(Orthilia secunda)
lappljung		(Phyllodoce caerulea)
amerikansk buskrosling	(Pieris floribunda)
japansk buskrosling	(Pieris japonica)
grönpyrola		(Pyrola chlorantha)
islandspyrola		(Pyrola grandiflora)
klockpyrola		(Pyrola media)
klotpyrola		(Pyrola minor)
vitpyrola		(Pyrola rotundifolia)
sandpyrola		(Pyrola rotundifolia ssp. maritima)
norskpyrola		(Pyrola rotundifolia ssp. norvegica)
vanlig vitpyrola	(Pyrola rotundifolia ssp. rotundifolia)
klotpyrola × vitpyrola	(Pyrola minor × rotundifolia)
klotpyrola × norskpyrola (Pyrola minor × rotundifolia ssp. norvegica)
klotpyrola × vanlig vitpyrola (Pyrola minor × rotundifolia ssp. rotundifolia)
fujirododendron		(Rhododendron brachycarpum)
parkrododendron		(Rhododendron catawbiense)
bredbladig skvattram	(Rhododendron groenlandicum)
lapsk alpros		(Rhododendron lapponicum)
guldazalea		(Rhododendron luteum)
japanazalea		(Rhododendron molle)
-			(Rhododendron molle ssp. japonicum)
pontisk rododendron	(Rhododendron ponticum)
långbladsrododendron	(Rhododendron sutchuenense)
skvattram		(Rhododendron tomentosum)
amerikanskt blåbär	(Vaccinium corymbosum)
amerikanskt tranbär	(Vaccinium macrocarpon)
dvärgtranbär		(Vaccinium microcarpum)
blåbär			(Vaccinium myrtillus)
tranbär			(Vaccinium oxycoccos)
odon			(Vaccinium uliginosum)
fjällodon		(Vaccinium uliginosum ssp. microphyllum)
vanligt odon		(Vaccinium uliginosum ssp. uliginosum)
lingon			(Vaccinium vitis-idaea)
polarlingon		(Vaccinium vitis-idaea ssp. minor)
vanligt lingon		(Vaccinium vitis-idaea ssp. vitis-idaea)
dvärgtranbär × tranbär	(Vaccinium microcarpum × oxycoccos)
blingon			(Vaccinium myrtillus × vitis-idaea)

# Garryaceae
aukuba			(Aucuba japonica)

# Rubiaceae
liten blåmåra		(Asperula arvensis)
rosenmåra		(Asperula cynanchica)
-			(Asperula laevigata)
blåmåra			(Asperula orientalis)
skärmåra		(Asperula taurina)
färgmåra		(Asperula tinctoria)
= färgmadra
kal korsmåra		(Cruciata glabra)
korsmåra		(Cruciata laevipes)
-			(Diodia teres)
snärjmåra		(Galium aparine)
vanlig snärjmåra	(Galium aparine var. aparine)
strandsnärjmåra		(Galium aparine var. marinum)
sandmåra		(Galium arenarium)
vitmåra			(Galium boreale)
daggmåra		(Galium glaucum)
stormåra		(Galium mollugo)
vanlig stormåra		(Galium mollugo ssp. erectum)
buskmåra		(Galium mollugo ssp. mollugo)
borgmåra		(Galium mollugo ssp. pycnotrichum)
murmåra			(Galium murale)
normansmåra		(Galium normanii)
islandsmåra		(Galium normanii ssp. islandicum)
vegamåra		(Galium normanii ssp. normanii)
myskmadra		(Galium odoratum)
ölandsmåra		(Galium oelandicum)
vattenmåra		(Galium palustre)
stor vattenmåra		(Galium palustre ssp. elongatum)
liten vattenmåra	(Galium palustre ssp. palustre)
baltisk vattenmåra	(Galium palustre var. balticum)
vanlig vattenmåra	(Galium palustre var. palustre)
franskmåra		(Galium parisiense)
parkmåra		(Galium pumilum)
-			(Galium rivulare)
gotlandsmåra		(Galium rotundifolium)
-			(Galium rubioides)
stenmåra		(Galium saxatile)
slöjmåra		(Galium schultesii)
linmåra/småsnärjmåra	(Galium spurium)
linmåra			(Galium spurium ssp. spurium)
småsnärjmåra		(Galium spurium ssp. vaillantii)
hedmåra			(Galium sterneri)
backmåra		(Galium suecicum)
vanlig backmåra		(Galium suecicum var. suecicum)
västgötamåra		(Galium suecicum var. vestrogothicum)
skogsmåra		(Galium sylvaticum)
spädmåra		(Galium tenuissimum)
pillermåra		(Galium tricornutum)
dvärgmåra		(Galium trifidum)
myskmåra		(Galium triflorum)
sumpmåra		(Galium uliginosum)
-			(Galium valdepilosum)
krattmåra		(Galium valdepilosum ssp. slesvicense)
vårtmåra		(Galium verrucosum)
gulmåra			(Galium verum)
vanlig gulmåra		(Galium verum ssp. verum)
gles gulmåra		(Galium verum ssp. wirtgenii)
snärjmåra × småsnärjmåra (Galium aparine × spurium ssp. vaillantii)
gräddmåra		(Galium mollugo × verum)
parkmåra × krattmåra	(Galium pumilum × valdepilosum ssp. slesvicense)
hedmåra × krattmåra	(Galium sterneri × valdepilosum ssp. slesvicense)
porslinsstjärna		(Houstonia caerulea)
bollmåra		(Phuopsis stylosa)
vildkrapp		(Rubia peregrina)
krapp			(Rubia tinctorum)
åkermadd		(Sherardia arvensis)

# Gentianaceae
bredarun		(Centaurium erythraea)
huvudarun		(Centaurium erythraea var. capitatum)
flockarun		(Centaurium erythraea var. erythraea)
smalarun		(Centaurium littorale)
topparun		(Centaurium littorale var. glomeratum)
kustarun		(Centaurium littorale var. littorale)
dvärgarun		(Centaurium pulchellum)
bredarun × smalarun	(Centaurium erythraea × littorale)
gulört			(Blackstonia perfoliata)
hedgentiana		(Cicendia filiformis)
lappgentiana		(Comastoma tenellum)
knippgentiana		(Gentiana asclepiadea)
korsgentiana		(Gentiana cruciata)
gullgentiana		(Gentiana lutea)
fjällgentiana		(Gentiana nivalis)
klockgentiana		(Gentiana pneumonanthe)
baggsöta		(Gentiana purpurea)
fransgentiana		(Gentiana septemfida)
smalgentiana		(Gentianella amarella)
ängsgentiana		(Gentianella amarella ssp. amarella)
sen ängsgentiana	(Gentianella amarella var. amarella)
tidig ängsgentiana	(Gentianella amarella var. lingulata)
islandsgentiana		(Gentianella amarella ssp. septentrionalis)
blekgentiana		(Gentianella aurea)
bredgentiana		(Gentianella campestris)
kustgentiana		(Gentianella campestris ssp. baltica)
fältgentiana		(Gentianella campestris ssp. campestris)
sen fältgentiana	(Gentianella campestris var. campestris)
sätergentiana		(Gentianella campestris var. islandica)
tidig fältgentiana	(Gentianella campestris var. suecica)
sumpgentiana		(Gentianella uliginosa)
ängsgentiana × fältgentiana (Gentianella amarella ssp. amarella × campestris ssp. campestris)
kustgentiana × sumpgentiana (Gentianella campestris ssp. baltica × uliginosa)
strandgentiana		(Gentianopsis detonsa)
stjärngentiana		(Lomatogonium rotatum)

# Apocynaceae
flugkål			(Apocynum androsaemifolium)
röd sidenört		(Asclepias curassavica)
rosensidenört		(Asclepias incarnata)
praktsidenört		(Asclepias speciosa)
sidenört		(Asclepias syriaca)
gummiranka		(Cryptostegia grandiflora)
oleander		(Nerium oleander)
girlandvintergröna	(Vinca herbacea)
stor vintergröna	(Vinca major)
vintergröna		(Vinca minor)
tulkört			(Vincetoxicum hirundinaria)
purpurtulkört		(Vincetoxicum nigrum)
brun tulkört		(Vincetoxicum rossicum)

# Boraginaceae
-			(Adelocaryum coelestinum)
storblommig gullört	(Amsinckia eastwoodae)
ogräsgullört		(Amsinckia intermedia)
mångullört		(Amsinckia lunaris)
hönsgullört		(Amsinckia lycopsoides)
gullört			(Amsinckia micrantha)
fodergullört		(Amsinckia retrorsa)
mosaikgullört		(Amsinckia tesselata)
fårtunga		(Anchusa arvensis)
vanlig fårtunga		(Anchusa arvensis ssp. arvensis)
orientalisk fårtunga	(Anchusa arvensis ssp. orientalis)
italiensk oxtunga	(Anchusa azurea)
afrikansk oxtunga	(Anchusa capensis)
gul oxtunga		(Anchusa ochroleuca)
oxtunga			(Anchusa officinalis)
vågbladig oxtunga	(Anchusa undulata)
fårtunga × oxtunga	(Anchusa arvensis × officinalis)
gul oxtunga × oxtunga	(Anchusa ochroleuca × officinalis)
paddfot			(Asperugo procumbens)
gurkört			(Borago officinalis)
kaukasisk förgätmigej	(Brunnera macrophylla)
sminkrot		(Buglossoides arvensis)
vit sminkrot		(Buglossoides arvensis var. arvensis)
blå sminkrot		(Buglossoides arvensis var. coerulescens)
färgväxlare		(Buglossoides purpurocaerulea)
stor vaxblomma		(Cerinthe major)
liten vaxblomma		(Cerinthe minor)
-			(Cryptantha clandestina)
kinesisk förgätmigej	(Cynoglossum amabile)
italiensk hundtunga	(Cynoglossum apenninum)
-			(Cynoglossum australe)
blå hundtunga		(Cynoglossum creticum)
hundtunga		(Cynoglossum officinale)
indisk förgätmigej	(Cynoglossum wallichii)
turkisk oxtunga		(Cynoglottis barrelieri)
italiensk snokört	(Echium italicum)
blå snokört		(Echium plantagineum)
-			(Echium tuberculatum)
blåeld			(Echium vulgare)
-			(Ellisia nyctelea)
bergstenfrö		(Glandora diffusa)
köttheliotrop		(Heliotropium curassavicum)
knutheliotrop		(Heliotropium dolosum)
ogräsheliotrop		(Heliotropium europaeum)
italiensk heliotrop	(Heliotropium suaveolens)
-			(Heliotropium suaveolens ssp. bocconei)
grenig indiankål	(Hydrophyllum virginianum)
stickelfrö		(Lappula deflexa)
hönspiggfrö		(Lappula marginata)
piggfrö			(Lappula squarrosa)
stenfrö			(Lithospermum officinale)
ostronört		(Mertensia maritima)
atlantisk ostronört	(Mertensia maritima ssp. maritima)
arktisk ostronört	(Mertensia maritima ssp. tenella)
storfjärva		(Mertensia sibirica)
pärlemorfjärva		(Mertensia virginica)
alpförgätmigej		(Myosotis alpestris)
åkerförgätmigej		(Myosotis arvensis)
fjällförgätmigej	(Myosotis decumbens)
brokförgätmigej		(Myosotis discolor)
vanlig brokförgätmigej	(Myosotis discolor ssp. discolor)
atlantisk brokförgätmigej (Myosotis discolor ssp. dubia)
sumpförgätmigej		(Myosotis laxa)
strandförgätmigej	(Myosotis laxa ssp. baltica)
vanlig sumpförgätmigej	(Myosotis laxa ssp. caespitosa)
falsk strandförgätmigej (Myosotis laxa ssp. laxa)
kantförgätmigej		(Myosotis nemorosa)
backförgätmigej		(Myosotis ramosissima)
äkta förgätmigej	(Myosotis scorpioides)
praktförgätmigej	(Myosotis scorpioides ssp. praecox)
bäckförgätmigej		(Myosotis scorpioides ssp. scorpioides)
engelsk förgätmigej	(Myosotis secunda)
fåblommig förgätmigej	(Myosotis sparsiflora)
vårförgätmigej		(Myosotis stricta)
skogsförgätmigej	(Myosotis sylvatica)
gulrast			(Neatostema apulum)
kärleksblomster		(Nemophila maculata)
prins Gustafs öga	(Nemophila menziesii)
gulnonnea		(Nonea lutea)
svartnonnea		(Nonea pulla)
nonnea			(Nonea versicolor)
lammtunga		(Omphalodes linifolia)
ormöga			(Omphalodes verna)
-			(Pectocarya linearis)
hästtunga		(Pentaglottis sempervirens)
-			(Phacelia bipinnatifida)
klockfacelia		(Phacelia campanularia)
lavendelfacelia		(Phacelia ciliata)
huvudfacelia		(Phacelia congesta)
-			(Phacelia hispida)
-			(Phacelia magellanica)
trattfacelia		(Phacelia minor)
honungsfacelia		(Phacelia tanacetifolia)
-			(Phacelia viscida)
-			(Plagiobothrys calandrinioides)
-			(Plagiobothrys figuratus)
brungul tiggarstav	(Plagiobothrys fulvus)
-			(Plagiobothrys oppositifolius)
tiggarstav		(Plagiobothrys scouleri)
grov tiggarstav		(Plagiobothrys stipitatus)
fransk lungört		(Pulmonaria affinis)
smalbladig lungört	(Pulmonaria angustifolia)
mjuk lungört		(Pulmonaria mollis)
berglungört		(Pulmonaria montana)
mörk lungört		(Pulmonaria obscura)
= lungört
fläcklungört		(Pulmonaria officinalis)
-			(Pulmonaria picta)
röd lungört		(Pulmonaria rubra)
broklungört		(Pulmonaria saccharata)
fransk lungört × röd lungört (Pulmonaria affinis × rubra)
smalbladig lungört × mörk lungört (Pulmonaria angustifolia × obscura)
mörk lungört × broklungört (Pulmonaria obscura × saccharata)
fodervallört		(Symphytum asperum)
balkanvallört		(Symphytum bulbosum)
bergvallört		(Symphytum caucasicum)
-			(Symphytum × hidcotense)
kaukasisk vallört	(Symphytum grandiflorum)
äkta vallört		(Symphytum officinale)
-			(Symphytum officinale var. bohemicum)
-			(Symphytum officinale var. officinale)
turkisk vallört		(Symphytum orientale)
krimvallört		(Symphytum tauricum)
gul vallört		(Symphytum tuberosum)
uppländsk vallört	(Symphytum × uplandicum)
bergvallört × uppländsk vallört (Symphytum caucasicum × uplandicum)
gul vallört × upplänsk vallört (Symphytum tuberosum × uplandicum)

# Convolvulaceae
björnvinda		(Calystegia pubescens)
rosenvinda		(Calystegia pulchra)
snårvinda		(Calystegia sepium)
kustsnårvinda		(Calystegia sepium ssp. roseata)
vit snårvinda		(Calystegia sepium ssp. sepium)
skär snårvinda		(Calystegia sepium ssp. spectabilis)
-			(Calystegia silvatica)
strandvinda		(Calystegia soldanella)
storvinda		(Calystegia pulchra × sepium ssp. sepium)
rosenvinda × skär snårvinda (Calystegia pulchra × sepium ssp. spectabilis)
åkervinda		(Convolvulus arvensis)
vanlig åkervinda	(Convolvulus arvensis var. arvensis)
smalbladig åkervinda	(Convolvulus arvensis var. linearifolius)
raggvinda		(Convolvulus betonicifolius)
sommarvinda		(Convolvulus gharbensis)
ampelvinda		(Convolvulus sabatius)
stenvinda		(Convolvulus siculus)
blåvinda		(Convolvulus tricolor)
nätsnärja		(Cuscuta approximata)
amerikansk grovsnärja	(Cuscuta campestris)
linsnärja		(Cuscuta epilinum)
ljungsnärja		(Cuscuta epithymum)
äkta ljungsnärja	(Cuscuta epithymum var. epithymum)
klöversnärja		(Cuscuta epithymum var. trifolii)
nässelsnärja		(Cuscuta europaea)
vanlig nässelsnärja	(Cuscuta europaea ssp. europaea)
strandsnärja		(Cuscuta europaea ssp. halophyta)
-			(Cuscuta gronovii)
videsnärja		(Cuscuta lupuliformis)
-			(Cuscuta planiflora)
grovsnärja		(Cuscuta scandens)
-			(Cuscuta scandens ssp. cesatiana)
-			(Cuscuta tinei)
silvernjurvinda		(Dichondra argentea)
njurvinda		(Dichondra micrantha)
batat			(Ipomoea batatas)
kairopraktvinda		(Ipomoea cairica)
stjärnvinda		(Ipomoea coccinea)
luden praktvinda	(Ipomoea hederacea)
vit praktvinda		(Ipomoea lacunosa)
purpurvinda		(Ipomoea purpurea)
blomman för dagen	(Ipomoea tricolor)
-			(Ipomoea wrightii)
-			(Merremia sibirica)

# Solanaceae
belladonna		(Atropa bella-donna)
glandelbrowallia	(Browallia viscosa)
änglatrumpet		(Brugmansia suaveolens)
spanskpeppar		(Capsicum annuum)
långtaggig spikklubba	(Datura ferox)
mexikansk spikklubba	(Datura inoxia)
indisk spikklubba	(Datura metel)
spikklubba		(Datura stramonium)
slät spikklubba		(Datura stramonium var. inermis)
slät violspikklubba	(Datura stramonium var. godronii)
vit spikklubba		(Datura stramonium var. stramonium)
violspikklubba		(Datura stramonium var. tatula)
indianspikklubba	(Datura wrightii)
vit bolmört		(Hyoscyamus albus)
bolmört			(Hyoscyamus niger)
purpurbolmört		(Hyoscyamus reticulatus)
jaltomata		(Jaltomata procumbens)
himmelsöga		(Lycianthes rantonnetii)
bocktörne		(Lycium barbarum)
bredbladigt bocktörne	(Lycium chinense)
ballongblomma		(Nicandra physalodes)
-			(Nicotiana acuminata)
stor blomstertobak	(Nicotiana alata)
-			(Nicotiana attenuata)
blåtobak		(Nicotiana glauca)
klocktobak		(Nicotiana langsdorffii)
jasmintobak		(Nicotiana longiflora)
bondtobak		(Nicotiana rustica)
blomstertobak		(Nicotiana × sanderae)
dofttobak		(Nicotiana suaveolens)
narcisstobak		(Nicotiana sylvestris)
virginiatobak		(Nicotiana tabacum)
-			(Nicotiana langsdorffii × sanderae)
liten cymbalblomma	(Nolana humifusa)
cymbalblomma		(Nolana paradoxa)
vitpetunia		(Petunia axillaris)
petunia			(Petunia × hybrida)
trattpetunia		(Petunia inflata)
violpetunia		(Petunia integrifolia)
vasstandad lyktört	(Physalis acutifolia)
judekörs		(Physalis alkekengi)
kantig lyktört		(Physalis angulata)
-			(Physalis cinerascens)
gyllenbär		(Physalis grisea)
-			(Physalis lanceifolia)
smalbladig lyktört	(Physalis longifolia)
småblommig lyktört	(Physalis minima)
kapkrusbär		(Physalis peruviana)
tomatillo		(Physalis philadelphica)
dunlyktört		(Physalis pubescens)
-			(Physalis virginiana)
vårbolmört		(Physochlaina orientalis)
trumpetblomma		(Salpiglossis sinuata)
fjärilsblomster		(Schizanthus pinnatus)
praktfjärilsblomster	(Schizanthus × wisetonensis)
dårört			(Scopolia carniolica)
röd aubergin		(Solanum aethiopicum)
amerikansk nattskatta	(Solanum americanum)
-			(Solanum americanum var. americanum)
-			(Solanum americanum var. patulum)
trädtomat		(Solanum betaceum)
guldbärsskatta		(Solanum capsicoides)
-			(Solanum carolinense)
filtnattskatta		(Solanum chenopodioides)
blå taggborre		(Solanum citrullifolium)
litet korallbär		(Solanum diflorum)
texasnattskatta		(Solanum dillenianum)
besksöta		(Solanum dulcamara)
-			(Solanum dulcamara var. dulcamara)
-			(Solanum dulcamara var. litorale)
-			(Solanum dulcamara var. marinum)
silverskatta		(Solanum elaeagnifolium)
-			(Solanum heterodoxum)
känguruäpple		(Solanum laciniatum)
tomat			(Solanum lycopersicum)
-			(Solanum marginatum)
aubergin		(Solanum melongena)
nattskatta		(Solanum nigrum)
vanlig nattskatta	(Solanum nigrum ssp. nigrum)
hårig nattskatta	(Solanum nigrum ssp. schultesii)
bägarnattskatta		(Solanum physalifolium)
-			(Solanum physalifolium var. nitidibaccatum)
pilcomayoskatta		(Solanum pilcomayense)
-			(Solanum pimpinellifolium)
korallbär		(Solanum pseudocapsicum)
-			(Solanum racemiflorum)
-			(Solanum retroflexum)
taggborre		(Solanum rostratum)
klibbnattskatta		(Solanum sarrachoides)
bärskatta		(Solanum scabrum)
blek taggborre		(Solanum sisymbriifolium)
fliknattskatta		(Solanum triflorum)
potatis			(Solanum tuberosum)
gul/röd nattskatta	(Solanum villosum)
röd nattskatta		(Solanum villosum ssp. miniatum)
gul nattskatta		(Solanum villosum ssp. villosum)
vanlig nattskatta × bägarnattskatta (Solanum nigrum ssp. nigrum × physalifolium)

# Oleaceae
hybridforsythia		(Forsythia × intermedia)
-			(Forsythia suspensa)
bågforsythia		(Forsythia suspensa var. fortunei)
ask			(Fraxinus excelsior)
vitask			(Fraxinus americana)
mannaask		(Fraxinus ornus)
rödask			(Fraxinus pennsylvanica)
-			(Fraxinus sieboldiana)
-			(Ligustrum japonicum)
glansliguster		(Ligustrum lucidum)
-			(Ligustrum obtusifolium)
bredbladig liguster	(Ligustrum ovalifolium)
kinesisk liguster	(Ligustrum sinense)
liguster		(Ligustrum vulgare)
olivträd		(Olea europaea)
parksyren		(Syringa × chinensis)
norrlandssyren		(Syringa × henryi)
ungersk syren		(Syringa josikaea)
vårsyren		(Syringa oblata)
persisk syren		(Syringa persica)
prestonsyren		(Syringa × prestoniae)
småbladig syren		(Syringa pubescens)
hängsyren		(Syringa reflexa)
ligustersyren		(Syringa reticulata)
syren			(Syringa vulgaris)
= syrén

# Calceolariaceae
stor busktoffel		(Calceolaria integrifolia)
sommartoffel		(Calceolaria tripartita)

# Plantaginaceae
hårig gapmun		(Anarrhinum pedatum)
lejongap		(Antirrhinum majus)
litet tjockblad		(Bacopa monnieri)
dvärglånke		(Callitriche brevistyla)
skaftlånke		(Callitriche brutia)
sommarlånke		(Callitriche cophocarpa)
klolånke		(Callitriche hamulata)
höstlånke		(Callitriche hermaphroditica)
sydhöstlånke		(Callitriche hermaphroditica ssp. hermaphroditica)
nordhöstlånke		(Callitriche hermaphroditica ssp. macrocarpa)
trubblånke		(Callitriche obtusangula)
smålånke		(Callitriche palustris)
plattlånke		(Callitriche platycarpa)
dikeslånke		(Callitriche stagnalis)
hybridlånke		(Callitriche × vigens)
klolånke × plattlånke	(Callitriche hamulata × platycarpa)
plattlånke × dikeslånke (Callitriche platycarpa × stagnalis)
småsporre		(Chaenorhinum minus)
kyndelsporre		(Chaenorhinum origanifolium)
vit sköldpaddsört	(Chelone glabra)
röd sköldpaddsört	(Chelone lyonii)
lila sköldpaddsört	(Chelone obliqua)
brokcollinsia		(Collinsia heterophylla)
dvärgcollinsia		(Collinsia parviflora)
korsikansk murreva	(Cymbalaria hepaticifolia)
murreva			(Cymbalaria muralis)
storblommig murreva	(Cymbalaria pallida)
gul fingerborgsblomma	(Digitalis grandiflora)
grekisk fingerborgsblomma (Digitalis lanata)
liten fingerborgsblomma (Digitalis lutea)
fingerborgsblomma	(Digitalis purpurea)
liten fingerborgsblomma × fingerborgsblomma (Digitalis lutea × purpurea)
bergskrabba		(Globularia vulgaris)
-			(Gratiola ebracteata)
liten jordgalla		(Gratiola neglecta)
jordgalla		(Gratiola officinalis)
mellanhästsvans		(Hippuris × lanceolata)
ishavshästsvans		(Hippuris tetraphylla)
hästsvans		(Hippuris vulgaris)
-			(Kickxia cirrhosa)
styv spjutsporre	(Kickxia commutata)
spjutsporre		(Kickxia elatine)
äkta spjutsporre	(Kickxia elatine ssp. elatine)
hårig spjutsporre	(Kickxia elatine ssp. sieberi)
rundsporre		(Kickxia spuria)
-			(Linaria aeruginea)
alpsporre		(Linaria alpina)
-			(Linaria amethystea)
sandsporre		(Linaria arenaria)
kal violsporre		(Linaria bipartita)
broksporre		(Linaria bordiana)
-			(Linaria bordiana ssp. kralikiana)
vitsporre		(Linaria chalepensis)
ginstsporre		(Linaria genistifolia)
jättesporre		(Linaria genistifolia ssp. dalmatica)
äkta ginstsporre	(Linaria genistifolia ssp. genistifolia)
violsporre		(Linaria incarnata)
dynsporre		(Linaria loeselii)
färgsporre		(Linaria maroccana)
-			(Linaria munbyana)
strandsporre		(Linaria odora)
-			(Linaria pelisseriana)
purpursporre		(Linaria purpurea)
-			(Linaria reflexa)
strimsporre		(Linaria repens)
-			(Linaria saxatilis)
bleksporre		(Linaria supina)
gulsporre		(Linaria vulgaris)
ginstsporre × strimsporre (Linaria genistifolia × repens)
ginstsporre × gulsporre (Linaria genistifolia × vulgaris)
mellansporre		(Linaria repens × vulgaris)
maurandia		(Maurandya barclaiana)
kal maurandia		(Maurandya scandens)
stor kalvnos		(Misopates calycinum)
kalvnos			(Misopates orontium)
indiansporre		(Nuttallanthus canadensis)
fingerborgshatt		(Penstemon digitalis)
azurpenstemon		(Penstemon hirsutus)
forspenstemon		(Penstemon serrulatus)
loppfrö			(Plantago afra)
sandkämpar		(Plantago arenaria)
borstkämpar		(Plantago aristata)
-			(Plantago bellardii)
strandkämpar		(Plantago coronopus)
-			(Plantago coronopus ssp. coronopus)
-			(Plantago coronopus ssp. cupanii)
-			(Plantago coronopus ssp. weldenii)
smalkämpar		(Plantago holosteum)
vitkämpar		(Plantago lagopus)
svartkämpar		(Plantago lanceolata)
jättesvartkämpar	(Plantago lanceolata ssp. altissima)
vanliga svartkämpar	(Plantago lanceolata ssp. lanceolata)
-			(Plantago loeflingii)
groblad			(Plantago major)
åkergroblad		(Plantago major ssp. intermedia)
gårdsgroblad		(Plantago major ssp. major)
kustgroblad		(Plantago major ssp. winteri)
gulkämpar		(Plantago maritima)
ishavskämpar		(Plantago maritima ssp. borealis)
vanliga gulkämpar	(Plantago maritima ssp. maritima)
serpentinkämpar		(Plantago maritima ssp. serpentina)
rödkämpar		(Plantago media)
vitt loppfrö		(Plantago ovata)
luddkämpar		(Plantago patagonica)
vallkämpar		(Plantago rugelii)
dvärgkämpar		(Plantago tenuiflora)
strandpryl		(Plantago uniflora)
-			(Plantago virginica)
Törnrosas kjortel	(Rhodochiton atrosanguineum)
åkerveronika		(Veronica agrestis)
fjällveronika		(Veronica alpina)
vanlig fjällveronika	(Veronica alpina ssp. alpina)
högfjällsveronika	(Veronica alpina ssp. pumila)
vattenveronika		(Veronica anagallis-aquatica)
sumpveronika		(Veronica anagalloides)
fältveronika		(Veronica arvensis)
östveronika		(Veronica austriaca)
flikveronika		(Veronica austriaca ssp. austriaca)
tandveronika		(Veronica austriaca ssp. dentata)
praktveronika		(Veronica austriaca ssp. teucrium)
bäckveronika		(Veronica beccabunga)
lobveronika		(Veronica biloba)
-			(Veronica campylopoda)
dikesveronika		(Veronica catenata)
hornveronika		(Veronica ceratocarpa)
teveronika		(Veronica chamaedrys)
= téveronika
-			(Veronica crista-galli)
murrevsveronika		(Veronica cymbalaria)
hedveronika		(Veronica dillenii)
trådveronika		(Veronica filiformis)
klippveronika		(Veronica fruticans)
porslinsveronika	(Veronica gentianoides)
murgrönsveronika	(Veronica hederifolia)
äkta murgrönsveronika	(Veronica hederifolia ssp. hederifolia)
skuggveronika		(Veronica hederifolia ssp. lucorum)
strandveronika		(Veronica longifolia)
bredbladig strandveronika (Veronica longifolia var. longifolia)
smalbladig strandveronika (Veronica longifolia var. maritima)
skogsveronika		(Veronica montana)
ärenpris		(Veronica officinalis)
luddveronika		(Veronica opaca)
pilgrimsveronika	(Veronica peregrina)
trädgårdsveronika	(Veronica persica)
glansveronika		(Veronica polita)
alvarveronika		(Veronica praecox)
mattveronika		(Veronica prostrata)
krypveronika		(Veronica repens)
-			(Veronica scardica)
-			(Veronica scheereri)
dyveronika		(Veronica scutellata)
-			(Veronica scutellata var. villosa)
-			(Veronica scutellata var. scutellata)
majveronika		(Veronica serpyllifolia)
lappveronika		(Veronica serpyllifolia ssp. humifusa)
vanlig majveronika	(Veronica serpyllifolia ssp. serpyllifolia)
axveronika		(Veronica spicata)
silververonika		(Veronica spicata ssp. incana)
vanlig axveronika	(Veronica spicata ssp. spicata)
klibbveronika		(Veronica triphyllos)
vårveronika		(Veronica verna)
vattenveronika × bäckveronika (Veronica anagallis-aquatica × beccabunga)
vattenveronika × dikesveronika (Veronica anagallis-aquatica × catenata)
bäckveronika × dikesveronika (Veronica beccabunga × catenata)
hällveronika		(Veronica longifolia × spicata)
trädgårdsveronika × glansveronika (Veronica persica × polita)
sibirisk kransveronika	(Veronicastrum sibiricum)
kransveronika		(Veronicastrum virginicum)

# Scrophulariaceae
eldblomma		(Alonsoa warscewiczii)
syrenbuddleja		(Buddleja davidii)
tvillingsporre		(Diascia barberae)
hårig tvillingsporre	(Diascia fetcaniensis)
smalbladig gatört	(Hebenstretia integrifolia)
gatört			(Hebenstretia dentata)
ävjebrodd		(Limosella aquatica)
doftnemesia		(Nemesia caerulea)
-			(Nemesia macrocarpa)
-			(Nemesia melissifolia)
-			(Nemesia pulchella)
nemesia			(Nemesia strumosa)
blå nemesia		(Nemesia versicolor)
vattenflenört		(Scrophularia auriculata)
småflenört		(Scrophularia canina)
guldflenört		(Scrophularia chrysantha)
lansettflenört		(Scrophularia lanceolata)
-			(Scrophularia lydium)
flenört			(Scrophularia nodosa)
-			(Scrophularia orientalis)
-			(Scrophularia peregrina)
hamnflenört		(Scrophularia scopolii)
atlantflenört		(Scrophularia scorodonia)
strandflenört		(Scrophularia umbrosa)
-			(Scrophularia umbrosa var. umbrosa)
-			(Scrophularia umbrosa var. neesii)
vårflenört		(Scrophularia vernalis)
snöflinga		(Sutera cordata)
sommarkungsljus		(Verbascum blattaria)
silverkungsljus		(Verbascum bombyciferum)
franskt kungsljus	(Verbascum chaixii)
orientkungsljus		(Verbascum chaixii ssp. orientale)
-			(Verbascum cheiranthifolium)
ölandskungsljus		(Verbascum densiflorum)
serbiskt kungsljus	(Verbascum longifolium)
grenigt kungsljus	(Verbascum lychnitis)
mörkt kungsljus		(Verbascum nigrum)
jättekungsljus		(Verbascum olympicum)
ryskt kungsljus		(Verbascum ovalifolium)
läkekungsljus		(Verbascum phlomoides)
violkungsljus		(Verbascum phoeniceum)
kandelaberkungsljus	(Verbascum pulverulentum)
pyramidkungsljus	(Verbascum pyramidatum)
praktkungsljus		(Verbascum speciosum)
ljust kungsljus		(Verbascum thapsus)
= kungsljus
glandelkungsljus	(Verbascum virgatum)
sommarkungsljus × mörkt kungsljus (Verbascum blattaria × nigrum)
sommarkungsljus × violkungsljus (Verbascum blattaria × phoeniceum)
silverkungsljus × violkungsljus (Verbascum bombyciferum × phoeniceum)
franskt kungsljus × violkungsljus (Verbascum chaixii × phoeniceum)
ölandskungsljus × grenigt kungsljus (Verbascum densiflorum × lychnitis)
ölandskungsljus × mörkt kungsljus (Verbascum densiflorum × nigrum)
ölandskungsljus × läkekungsljus (Verbascum densiflorum × phlomoides)
ölandskungsljus × violkungsljus (Verbascum densiflorum × phoeniceum)
ölandskungsljus × praktkungsljus (Verbascum densiflorum × speciosum)
ölandskungsljus × ljust kungsljus (Verbascum densiflorum × thapsus)
ölandskungsljus × glandelkungsljus (Verbascum densiflorum × virgatum)
serbiskt kungsljus × mörkt kungsljus (Verbascum longifolium × nigrum)
grenigt kungsljus × mörkt kungsljus (Verbascum lychnitis × nigrum)
grenigt kungsljus × violkungsljus (Verbascum lychnitis × phoeniceum)
grenigt kungsljus × pyramidkungsljus (Verbascum lychnitis × pyramidatum)
grenigt kungsljus × praktkungsljus (Verbascum lychnitis × speciosum)
grenigt kungsljus × ljust kungsljus (Verbascum lychnitis × thapsus)
mörkt kungsljus × jättekungsljus (Verbascum nigrum × olympicum)
mörkt kungsljus × läkekungsljus (Verbascum nigrum × phlomoides)
mörkt kungsljus × violkungsljus (Verbascum nigrum × phoeniceum)
mörkt kungsljus × pyramidkungsljus (Verbascum nigrum × pyramidatum)
mörkt kungsljus × praktkungsljus (Verbascum nigrum × speciosum)
mörkt kungsljus × ljust kungsljus (Verbascum nigrum × thapsus)
= mörkt kungsljus × kungsljus
mörkt kungsljus × glandelkungsljus (Verbascum nigrum × virgatum)
jättekungsljus × ljust kungsljus (Verbascum olympicum × thapsus)
läkekungsljus × violkungsljus (Verbascum phlomoides × phoeniceum)
läkekungsljus × ljust kungsljus (Verbascum phlomoides × thapsus)
violkungsljus × pyramidkungsljus (Verbascum phoeniceum × pyramidatum)
violkungsljus × ljust kungsljus (Verbascum phoeniceum × thapsus)
praktkungsljus × ljust kungsljus (Verbascum speciosum × thapsus)

# Linderniaceae
slamört			(Lindernia procumbens)

# Pedaliaceae
sesam			(Sesamum indicum)

# Lamiaceae
anisisop		(Agastache foeniculum)
koreansk anisisop	(Agastache rugosa)
nässelisop		(Agastache urticifolia)
gulsuga			(Ajuga chamaepitys)
-			(Ajuga chamaepitys ssp. chia)
kritsuga		(Ajuga genevensis)
blåsuga			(Ajuga pyramidalis)
revsuga			(Ajuga reptans)
kritsuga × blåsuga	(Ajuga genevensis × pyramidalis)
kritsuga × revsuga	(Ajuga genevensis × reptans)
hybridsuga		(Ajuga pyramidalis × reptans)
blåman			(Amethystea caerulea)
bosyska			(Ballota nigra)
trattbosyska		(Ballota nigra ssp. meridionalis)
äkta bosyska		(Ballota nigra ssp. nigra)
praktbetonika		(Betonica macrantha)
humlesuga		(Betonica officinalis)
stortandad hjärtstilla	(Chaiturus marrubiastrum)
harmynta		(Clinopodium acinos)
alpmynta		(Clinopodium alpinus)
rosenmynta		(Clinopodium grandiflorum)
racketmynta		(Clinopodium graveolens)
rosa stenkyndel		(Clinopodium menthifolium)
stenkyndel		(Clinopodium nepeta)
bergmynta		(Clinopodium vulgare)
turkisk drakblomma	(Dracocephalum moldavica)
liten drakblomma	(Dracocephalum nutans)
amerikansk drakblomma	(Dracocephalum parviflorum)
drakblomma		(Dracocephalum ruyschiana)
rysk drakblomma		(Dracocephalum thymiflorum)
kammynta		(Elsholtzia ciliata)
kalkdån			(Galeopsis angustifolia)
toppdån			(Galeopsis bifida)
mjukdån			(Galeopsis ladanum)
rosendån		(Galeopsis pubescens)
-			(Galeopsis pyrenaica)
guldån			(Galeopsis segetum)
hampdån			(Galeopsis speciosa)
pipdån			(Galeopsis tetrahit)
toppdån × pipdån	(Galeopsis bifida × tetrahit)
hampdån × pipdån	(Galeopsis speciosa × tetrahit)
jordreva		(Glechoma hederacea)
stor jordreva		(Glechoma hirsuta)
amerikansk poleja	(Hedeoma pulegioides)
isop			(Hyssopus officinalis)
azurläpp		(Lallemantia canescens)
småblommig azurläpp	(Lallemantia iberica)
sköldazurläpp		(Lallemantia peltata)
gulplister		(Lamiastrum galeobdolon)
praktgulplister		(Lamiastrum galeobdolon ssp. argentatum)
vanlig gulplister	(Lamiastrum galeobdolon ssp. galeobdolon)
berggulplister		(Lamiastrum galeobdolon ssp. montanum)
vitplister		(Lamium album)
mjukplister		(Lamium amplexicaule)
vanlig mjukplister	(Lamium amplexicaule var. amplexicaule)
kvarnplister		(Lamium amplexicaule var. orientale)
mellanplister		(Lamium confertum)
-			(Lamium garganicum)
flikplister		(Lamium hybridum)
rosenplister		(Lamium maculatum)
turkplister		(Lamium orientale)
kungsplister		(Lamium orvala)
rödplister		(Lamium purpureum)
lavendel		(Lavandula angustifolia)
lavandin		(Lavandula × intermedia)
sommarlavendel		(Lavandula multifida)
skärmlavendel		(Lavandula stoechas)
sommarlejonöra		(Leonotis nepetifolia)
hjärtstilla		(Leonurus cardiaca)
äkta hjärtstilla	(Leonurus cardiaca ssp. cardiaca)
ullig hjärtstilla	(Leonurus cardiaca ssp. villosus)
-			(Leonurus sibiricus)
bolldån			(Leucas martinicensis)
stor strandklo		(Lycopus exaltatus)
strandklo		(Lycopus europaeus)
persisk kransborre	(Marrubium astracanicum)
kransborre		(Marrubium vulgare)
citronmeliss		(Melissa officinalis)
vattenmynta		(Mentha aquatica)
vanlig vattenmynta	(Mentha aquatica ssp. aquatica)
strandmynta		(Mentha aquatica ssp. litoralis)
åkermynta		(Mentha arvensis)
japanmynta		(Mentha canadensis)
-			(Mentha × dalmatica)
karelsk mynta		(Mentha × dalmatica var. fennica)
ädelmynta		(Mentha × gracilis)
gråmynta		(Mentha longifolia)
pepparmynta		(Mentha × piperita)
polejmynta		(Mentha pulegium)
krypmynta		(Mentha requienii)
äppelmynta		(Mentha × rotundifolia)
raripilamynta		(Mentha × smithiana)
grönmynta		(Mentha spicata)
vanlig grönmynta	(Mentha spicata var. spicata)
rundmynta		(Mentha suaveolens)
kransmynta		(Mentha × verticillata)
hjärtmynta		(Mentha × villosa)
vattenmynta × ädelmynta (Mentha aquatica × gracilis)
vattenmynta × gråmynta	(Mentha aquatica × longifolia)
vattenmynta × gråmynta × grönmynta (Mentha aquatica × longifolia × spicata)
gråmynta × grönmynta	(Mentha longifolia × spicata)
musselsyska		(Moluccella laevis)
citrontemynta		(Monarda citriodora)
röd temynta		(Monarda didyma)
lila temynta		(Monarda fistulosa)
kattmynta		(Nepeta cataria)
kantnepeta		(Nepeta × faassenii)
blånepeta		(Nepeta grandiflora)
axnepeta		(Nepeta nervosa)
stäppnepeta		(Nepeta nuda)
bergnepeta		(Nepeta racemosa)
stor drakblomma		(Nepeta sibirica)
skuggnepeta		(Nepeta subsessilis)
basilika		(Ocimum basilicum)
mejram			(Origanum majorana)
kungsmynta		(Origanum vulgare)
fjäderperovskia		(Perovskia abrotanoides)
afghanperovskia		(Perovskia atriplicifolia)
trädgårdsperovskia	(Perovskia abrotanoides × atriplicifolia)
gul lejonsvans		(Phlomis russeliana)
skär lejonsvans		(Phlomis samia)
röd lejonsvans		(Phlomoides tuberosa)
liten drakmynta		(Physostegia parviflora)
drakmynta		(Physostegia virginiana)
malbuske		(Plectranthus fruticosus)
novemberljus		(Plectranthus oertendahlii)
palettblad		(Plectranthus scutellarioides)
praktbrunört		(Prunella grandiflora)
flikbrunört		(Prunella laciniata)
brunört			(Prunella vulgaris)
praktbrunört × brunört	(Prunella grandiflora × vulgaris)
flikbrunört × brunört	(Prunella laciniata × vulgaris)
rosmarin		(Rosmarinus officinalis)
silversalvia		(Salvia argentea)
kanariesalvia		(Salvia canariensis)
scharlakanssalvia	(Salvia coccinea)
ananassalvia		(Salvia elegans)
daggsalvia		(Salvia farinacea)
klibbsalvia		(Salvia glutinosa)
paranasalvia		(Salvia guaranitica)
mexikansk chiasalvia	(Salvia hispanica)
stäppsalvia		(Salvia nemorosa)
kryddsalvia		(Salvia officinalis)
blåsalvia		(Salvia patens)
ängssalvia		(Salvia pratensis)
spädsalvia		(Salvia reflexa)
karminsalvia		(Salvia roemeriana)
muskatellsalvia		(Salvia sclarea)
praktsalvia		(Salvia splendens)
skogssalvia		(Salvia × sylvestris)
rumänsk salvia		(Salvia transsylvanica)
fliksalvia		(Salvia verbenaca)
kranssalvia		(Salvia verticillata)
broksalvia		(Salvia viridis)
sommarkyndel		(Satureja hortensis)
vinterkyndel		(Satureja montana)
alpfrossört		(Scutellaria alpina)
stor frossört		(Scutellaria altissima)
frossört		(Scutellaria galericulata)
toppfrossört		(Scutellaria hastifolia)
småfrossört		(Scutellaria minor)
sibirisk frossört	(Scutellaria scordiifolia)
frossört × toppfrossört (Scutellaria galericulata × hastifolia)
frossört × småfrossört	(Scutellaria galericulata × minor)
sårmynta		(Sideritis montana)
-			(Sideritis syriaca)
alpsyska		(Stachys alpina)
gulsyska		(Stachys annua)
åkersyska		(Stachys arvensis)
-			(Stachys atherocalyx)
lammöron		(Stachys byzantina)
-			(Stachys cretica)
-			(Stachys cretica ssp. cretica)
-			(Stachys cretica ssp. salviifolia)
luddsyska		(Stachys germanica)
mintsyska		(Stachys menthifolia)
knölsyska		(Stachys palustris)
styvsyska		(Stachys recta)
-			(Stachys setifera)
stinksyska		(Stachys sylvatica)
knölsyska × stinksyska	(Stachys palustris × sylvatica)
druvgamander		(Teucrium botrys)
gamander		(Teucrium chamaedrys)
lökgamander		(Teucrium scordium)
lundgamander		(Teucrium scorodonia)
citrontimjan		(Thymus × citriodorus)
smaltimjan		(Thymus odoratissimus)
-			(Thymus praecox)
islandstimjan		(Thymus praecox ssp. britannicus)
-			(Thymus praecox ssp. praecox)
gråtimjan		(Thymus pseudolanuginosus)
stortimjan		(Thymus pulegioides)
stäpptimjan		(Thymus pulegioides ssp. pannonicus)
vanlig stortimjan	(Thymus pulegioides ssp.  pulegioides)
backtimjan		(Thymus serpyllum)
vanlig backtimjan	(Thymus serpyllum ssp. serpyllum)
tanatimjan		(Thymus serpyllum ssp. tanaënsis)
kryddtimjan		(Thymus vulgaris)
stortimjan × backtimjan (Thymus pulegioides × serpyllum)
backtimjan × kryddtimjan (Thymus serpyllum × vulgaris)
-			(Ziziphora capitata)

# Phrymaceae
kopparröd gyckelblomma	(Mimulus cupreus)
gyckelblomma		(Mimulus guttatus)
kal gyckelblomma	(Mimulus luteus)
myskgyckelblomma	(Mimulus moschatus)
blå gyckelblomma	(Mimulus ringens)
brokgyckelblomma	(Mimulus × robertsii)
tuvgyckelblomma		(Mimulus cupreus × luteus)

# Mazaceae
-			(Dodartia orientalis)

# Paulowniaceae
kejsarträd		(Paulownia tomentosa)

# Orobanchaceae
svarthö			(Bartsia alpina)
brokax			(Bartsia trixago)
-			(Castilleja miniata)
-			(Castilleja pallida)
rundögontröst		(Euphrasia arctica)
atlantögontröst		(Euphrasia arctica ssp. arctica)
shetlandsögontröst	(Euphrasia arctica ssp. borealis)
trubbögontröst		(Euphrasia arctica ssp. minor)
purpurögontröst		(Euphrasia atropurpurea)
strandögontröst		(Euphrasia bottnica)
isländsk ögontröst	(Euphrasia calida)
hedögontröst		(Euphrasia confusa)
klintögontröst		(Euphrasia dunensis)
foulaögontröst		(Euphrasia foulaënsis)
tromsögontröst		(Euphrasia hyperborea)
ljungögontröst		(Euphrasia micrantha)
grå ögontröst		(Euphrasia nemorosa)
läkeögontröst		(Euphrasia officinalis)
ängsögontröst		(Euphrasia officinalis ssp. monticola)
finnögontröst		(Euphrasia officinalis ssp. officinalis)
stor ögontröst		(Euphrasia officinalis ssp. pratensis)
Ostenfelds ögontröst	(Euphrasia ostenfeldii)
-			(Euphrasia saamica)
spjutögontröst		(Euphrasia salisburgensis)
lappögontröst		(Euphrasia salisburgensis ssp. salisburgensis)
brun ögontröst		(Euphrasia salisburgensis ssp. schoenicola)
skottlandsögontröst	(Euphrasia scottica)
lila ögontröst		(Euphrasia stricta)
glandelögontröst	(Euphrasia stricta var. brevipila)
= ögontröst
= vanlig ögontröst
vätögontröst		(Euphrasia stricta var. gotlandica)
uddögontröst		(Euphrasia stricta var. stricta)
svensk ögontröst	(Euphrasia stricta var. suecica)
späd ögontröst		(Euphrasia stricta var. tenuis)
fjällögontröst		(Euphrasia wettsteinii)
klapperögontröst	(Euphrasia wettsteinii var. baltica)
kärrögontröst		(Euphrasia wettsteinii var. palustris)
vanlig fjällögontröst	(Euphrasia wettsteinii var. wettsteinii)
klintögontröst × grå ögontröst (Euphrasia dunensis × nemorosa)
klintögontröst × uddögontröst (Euphrasia dunensis × stricta var. stricta)
tromsögontröst × fjällögontröst (Euphrasia hyperborea × wettsteinii)
ljungögontröst × grå ögontröst (Euphrasia micrantha × nemorosa)
ljungögontröst × lila ögontröst (Euphrasia micrantha × stricta)
grå ögontröst × stor ögontröst (Euphrasia nemorosa × officinalis ssp. pratensis)
hybridögontröst		(Euphrasia nemorosa × stricta)
grå ögontröst × glandelögontröst (Euphrasia nemorosa × stricta var. brevipila)
grå ögontröst × uddögontröst (Euphrasia nemorosa × stricta var. stricta)
grå ögontröst × späd ögontröst (Euphrasia nemorosa × stricta var. tenuis)
ängsögontröst × svensk ögontröst (Euphrasia officinalis ssp. monticola × stricta var. suecica)
stor ögontröst × glandelögontröst (Euphrasia officinalis ssp. pratensis × stricta var. brevipila)
lappögontröst × vanlig fjällögontröst (Euphrasia salisburgensis ssp. salisburgensis × wettsteinii var. wettsteini)
glandelögontröst × klapperögontröst (Euphrasia stricta var. brevipila × wettsteinii var. baltica)
späd ögontröst × vanlig fjällögontröst (Euphrasia stricta var. tenuis × wettsteinii var. wettsteinii)
vätteros		(Lathraea squamaria)
pukvete			(Melampyrum arvense)
korskovall		(Melampyrum cristatum)
natt och dag		(Melampyrum nemorosum)
ängskovall		(Melampyrum pratense)
guldgul ängskovall	(Melampyrum pratense var. hians)
vanlig ängskovall	(Melampyrum pratense var. pratense)
skogskovall		(Melampyrum sylvaticum)
strandrödtoppa		(Odontites litoralis)
finsk rödtoppa		(Odontites litoralis ssp. fennicus)
vanlig strandrödtoppa	(Odontites litoralis ssp. litoralis)
gultoppa		(Odontites luteus)
åkerrödtoppa		(Odontites vernus)
gatrödtoppa		(Odontites vulgaris)
= rödtoppa
strandrödtoppa × gatrödtoppa (Odontites litoralis × vulgaris)
timjansnyltrot		(Orobanche alba)
-			(Orobanche alsatica)
ametistsnyltrot		(Orobanche amethystea)
måresnyltrot		(Orobanche caryophyllacea)
-			(Orobanche cernua)
praktsnyltrot		(Orobanche crenata)
klintsnyltrot		(Orobanche elatior)
skråpsnyltrot		(Orobanche flava)
-			(Orobanche gracilis)
murgrönssnyltrot	(Orobanche hederae)
berberissnyltrot	(Orobanche lucorum)
klöversnyltrot		(Orobanche minor)
fibblesnyltrot		(Orobanche picridis)
röllikesnyltrot		(Orobanche purpurea)
hampsnyltrot		(Orobanche ramosa)
tistelsnyltrot		(Orobanche reticulata)
gulhö			(Parentucellia viscosa)
kvarnspira		(Pedicularis comosa)
ullspira		(Pedicularis dasyantha)
brandspira		(Pedicularis flammea)
fjällspira		(Pedicularis hirsuta)
-			(Pedicularis kauffmannii)
lappspira		(Pedicularis lapponica)
gullspira		(Pedicularis oederi)
kärrspira		(Pedicularis palustris)
nordspira		(Pedicularis palustris ssp. borealis)
höstspira		(Pedicularis palustris ssp. opsiantha)
vanlig kärrspira	(Pedicularis palustris ssp. palustris)
kung Karls spira	(Pedicularis sceptrum-carolinum)
= Kung Karls spira
granspira		(Pedicularis sylvatica)
irländsk granspira	(Pedicularis sylvatica ssp. hibernica)
vanlig granspira	(Pedicularis sylvatica ssp. sylvatica)
luddskallra		(Rhinanthus alectorolophus)
höskallra		(Rhinanthus angustifolius)
höstskallra		(Rhinanthus angustifolius ssp. angustifolius)
åkerskallra		(Rhinanthus angustifolius ssp. apterus)
äkta höskallra		(Rhinanthus angustifolius ssp. grandiflorus)
strandskallra		(Rhinanthus angustifolius ssp. halophilus)
ängsskallra		(Rhinanthus minor)
fjällskallra		(Rhinanthus minor ssp. groenlandicus)
äkta ängsskallra	(Rhinanthus minor ssp. minor)
kustskallra		(Rhinanthus minor ssp. monticola)
smalskallra		(Rhinanthus minor ssp. stenophyllus)
öselskallra		(Rhinanthus osiliensis)
-			(Triphysaria eriantha)

# Lentibulariaceae
fjälltätört		(Pinguicula alpina)
dvärgtätört		(Pinguicula villosa)
tätört			(Pinguicula vulgaris)
sydbläddra		(Utricularia australis)
dybläddra		(Utricularia intermedia)
dvärgbläddra		(Utricularia minor)
blekbläddra		(Utricularia ochroleuca)
sumpbläddra		(Utricularia stygia)
vattenbläddra		(Utricularia vulgaris)

# Acanthaceae
mjukakantus		(Acanthus mollis)
vattenvän		(Hygrophila polysperma)
nässelstrobilant	(Strobilanthes attenuata)
svartöga		(Thunbergia alata)

# Bignoniaceae
katalpa			(Catalpa bignonioides)
hybridkatalpa		(Catalpa × erubescens)
kinesisk katalpa	(Catalpa ovata)
rumsask			(Radermachera sinica)
afrikansk tulpanträd	(Spathodea campanulata)

# Verbenaceae
-			(Glandularia bipinnatifida)
doftverbena		(Glandularia canadensis)
trädgårdsverbena	(Glandularia × hybrida)
-			(Glandularia laciniata)
-			(Glandularia platensis)
mossverbena		(Glandularia pulchella)
dillverbena		(Glandularia tenera)
eldkrona		(Lantana camara)
jätteverbena		(Verbena bonariensis)
spärrverbena		(Verbena bracteata)
blåverbena		(Verbena hastata)
-			(Verbena hispida)
bergverbena		(Verbena macdougalii)
järnört			(Verbena officinalis)
violverbena		(Verbena rigida)
-			(Verbena stricta)
-			(Verbena supina)
-			(Verbena urticifolia)

# Martyniaceae
gult bockhorn		(Ibicella lutea)
bockhorn		(Proboscidea louisianica)

# Aquifoliaceae
järnek			(Ilex aquifolium)
storbladig järnek	(Ilex × altaclerensis)
blå järnek		(Ilex × meserveae)

# Campanulaceae
kragklocka		(Adenophora liliifolia)
-			(Adenophora gmelinii)
hjärtklocka		(Campanula alliariifolia)
amerikansk blåklocka	(Campanula americana)
sumpklocka		(Campanula aparinoides)
skäggklocka		(Campanula barbata)
bolognerklocka		(Campanula bononiensis)
karpaterklocka		(Campanula carpatica)
skogsklocka		(Campanula cervicaria)
dvärgklocka		(Campanula cochleariifolia)
pytteklocka		(Campanula erinus)
ampelklocka		(Campanula fragilis)
italiensk klocka	(Campanula garganica)
toppklocka		(Campanula glomerata)
ulltoppklocka		(Campanula glomerata ssp. farinosa)
ängstoppklocka		(Campanula glomerata ssp. glomerata)
elfenbensklocka		(Campanula hofmannii)
mjölkklocka		(Campanula lactiflora)
hässleklocka		(Campanula latifolia)
vanlig hässleklocka	(Campanula latifolia var. latifolia)
stor hässleklocka	(Campanula latifolia var. macrantha)
-			(Campanula lusitanica)
mariaklocka		(Campanula medium)
ängsklocka		(Campanula patula)
stor blåklocka		(Campanula persicifolia)
vanlig stor blåklocka	(Campanula persicifolia var. persicifolia)
skålklocka		(Campanula persicifolia var. sessiliflora)
murklocka		(Campanula portenschlagiana)
stjärnklocka		(Campanula poscharskyana)
prickklocka		(Campanula punctata)
pyramidklocka		(Campanula pyramidalis)
spegelklocka		(Campanula ramosissima)
knölklocka		(Campanula rapunculoides)
rapunkelklocka		(Campanula rapunculus)
liten blåklocka		(Campanula rotundifolia)
lappblåklocka		(Campanula rotundifolia ssp. gieseckiana)
skredblåklocka		(Campanula rotundifolia ssp. groenlandica)
backblåklocka		(Campanula rotundifolia ssp. rotundifolia)
-			(Campanula sibirica)
nässelklocka		(Campanula trachelium)
fjällklocka		(Campanula uniflora)
franska blåmunkar	(Jasione laevis)
blåmunkar		(Jasione montana)
= monke
-			(Legousia falcata)
dvärgspegel		(Legousia hybrida)
hårig venusspegel	(Legousia pentagonia)
venusspegel		(Legousia speculum-veneris)
bärlobelia		(Lobelia angulata)
notblomster		(Lobelia dortmanna)
kaplobelia		(Lobelia erinus)
läkelobelia		(Lobelia inflata)
gräslobelia		(Lobelia kalmii)
blå axlobelia		(Lobelia siphilitica)
rabattlobelia		(Lobelia × speciosa)
hedlobelia		(Lobelia urens)
blårapunkel		(Phyteuma nigrum)
klotrapunkel		(Phyteuma orbiculare)
hornrapunkel		(Phyteuma scheuchzeri)
vitrapunkel		(Phyteuma spicatum)
blekrapunkel		(Phyteuma spicatum ssp. coeruleum)
äkta vitrapunkel	(Phyteuma spicatum ssp. spicatum)
-			(Phyteuma tetramerum)
blårapunkel × äkta vitrapunkel (Phyteuma nigrum × spicatum ssp. spicatum)
praktklocka		(Platycodon grandiflorus)
indianspegel		(Triodanis perfoliata)

# Menyanthaceae
vattenklöver		(Menyanthes trifoliata)
sjögull			(Nymphoides peltata)

# Calyceraceae
nålnöt			(Acicarpha tribuloides)

# Goodeniaceae
femtunga		(Scaevola aemula)

# Asteraceae
-			(Acanthospermum hispidum)
-			(Achillea ageratum)
bandröllika		(Achillea aspleniifolia)
backröllika		(Achillea collina)
kamröllika		(Achillea crithmifolia)
fjäderröllika/jätteröllika (Achillea distans)
fjäderröllika		(Achillea distans ssp. distans)
jätteröllika		(Achillea distans ssp. tanacetifolia)
kryddröllika		(Achillea erba-rotta)
praktröllika		(Achillea filipendulina)
-			(Achillea impatiens)
bredröllika		(Achillea macrophylla)
smalröllika		(Achillea micrantha)
röllika			(Achillea millefolium)
= rölleka
plymröllika		(Achillea millefolium ssp. lanulosa)
vanlig röllika		(Achillea millefolium ssp. millefolium)
fjällröllika		(Achillea millefolium ssp. sudetica)
ängsröllika		(Achillea nobilis)
doftröllika		(Achillea odorata)
ungersk röllika		(Achillea pannonica)
nysört			(Achillea ptarmica)
vitpytta		(Achillea ptarmica var. multiplex)
vanlig nysört		(Achillea ptarmica var. ptarmica)
stor nysört		(Achillea salicifolia)
finröllika		(Achillea setacea)
stenröllika		(Achillea tomentosa)
-			(Achillea impatiens × ptarmica)
nysört × stor nysört	(Achillea ptarmica × salicifolia)
akmella			(Acmella decumbens)
parakrasse		(Acmella oleracea)
rostflockel		(Ageratina altissima)
ageratum		(Ageratum houstonianum)
indianfibbla		(Agoseris heterophylla)
-			(Alfredia cernua)
doftklint		(Amberboa moschata)
malörtsambrosia		(Ambrosia artemisiifolia)
strandambrosia		(Ambrosia maritima)
sträv ambrosia		(Ambrosia psilostachya)
dillambrosia		(Ambrosia tenuifolia)
hästambrosia		(Ambrosia trifida)
sandeternell		(Ammobium alatum)
vit bertram		(Anacyclus clavatus)
gul bertram		(Anacyclus radiatus)
spansk bertram		(Anacyclus valentinus)
pärleternell		(Anaphalis margaritacea)
ulleternell		(Anaphalis triplinervis)
solfibbla		(Andryala integrifolia)
kanarisk solfibbla	(Andryala pinnatifida)
fjällkattfot		(Antennaria alpina)
-			(Antennaria alpina ssp. alpina)
gråkattfot		(Antennaria alpina ssp. canescens)
= grå fjällkattfot
grönkattfot		(Antennaria alpina ssp. porsildii)
kattfot			(Antennaria dioica)
gaissakattfot		(Antennaria nordhageniana)
lappkattfot		(Antennaria villifera)
åkerkulla		(Anthemis arvensis)
vanlig åkerkulla	(Anthemis arvensis ssp. arvensis)
klubbåkerkulla		(Anthemis arvensis ssp. incrassata)
-			(Anthemis chia)
kamomillkulla		(Anthemis cotula)
-			(Anthemis fumariifolia)
-			(Anthemis hyalina)
-			(Anthemis muricata)
-			(Anthemis pseudocotula)
rysskulla		(Anthemis ruthenica)
stinkfibbla		(Aposeris foetida)
stor kardborre		(Arctium lappa)
liten kardborre		(Arctium minus)
lundkardborre		(Arctium nemorosum)
kaukasisk kardborre	(Arctium palladini)
ullkardborre		(Arctium tomentosum)
= ullig kardborre
stor kardborre × liten kardborre (Arctium lappa × minus)
stor kardborre × lundkardborre (Arctium lappa × nemorosum)
stor kardborre × ullkardborre (Arctium lappa × tomentosum)
liten kardborre × lundkardborre (Arctium minus × nemorosum)
liten kardborre × ullkardborre (Arctium minus × tomentosum)
lundkardborre × ullkardborre (Arctium nemorosum × tomentosum)
kaukasisk kardborre × ullkardborre (Arctium palladini × tomentosum)
kapöga			(Arctotheca calendula)
buskmargerit		(Argyranthemum frutescens)
fjällarnika		(Arnica angustifolia)
nordisk fjällarnika	(Arnica angustifolia ssp. alpina)
grönlandsarnika		(Arnica angustifolia ssp. angustifolia)
vägarnika		(Arnica chamissonis)
-			(Arnica longifolia)
-			(Arnica mollis)
slåttergubbe		(Arnica montana)
klubbfibbla		(Arnoseris minima)
åbrodd			(Artemisia abrotanum)
malört			(Artemisia absinthium)
sommarmalört		(Artemisia annua)
grovbladig gråbo	(Artemisia argyi)
donaumalört		(Artemisia austriaca)
smalmalört		(Artemisia biennis)
fältmalört		(Artemisia campestris)
bottnisk malört		(Artemisia campestris ssp. bottnica)
vanlig fältmalört	(Artemisia campestris ssp. campestris)
-			(Artemisia campestris ssp. caudata)
dragon			(Artemisia dracunculus)
bandgråbo		(Artemisia integrifolia)
fingermalört		(Artemisia japonica)
pärlmalört		(Artemisia lactiflora)
vitmalört		(Artemisia ludoviciana)
strandmalört		(Artemisia maritima)
baltisk strandmalört	(Artemisia maritima ssp. humifusa)
vanlig strandmalört	(Artemisia maritima ssp. maritima)
småkorgig gråbo		(Artemisia minutiflora)
norsk malört		(Artemisia norvegica)
alvarmalört		(Artemisia oelandica)
romersk malört		(Artemisia pontica)
stenmalört		(Artemisia rupestris)
krypmalört		(Artemisia schmidtiana)
vippmalört		(Artemisia scoparia)
östmalört		(Artemisia siversiana)
sandmalört		(Artemisia stelleriana)
brantmalört		(Artemisia tanacetifolia)
-			(Artemisia tournefortiana)
kinesisk gråbo		(Artemisia verlotiorum)
gråbo			(Artemisia vulgaris)
-			(Artemisia vulgaris ssp. mexicana)
-			(Artemisia vulgaris ssp. selengensis)
-			(Artemisia vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
strandgråbo		(Artemisia vulgaris var. coarctata)
vanlig gråbo		(Artemisia vulgaris var. vulgaris)
balsamaster		(Aster ageratoides)
alpaster		(Aster alpinus)
brittsommaraster	(Aster amellus)
gråaster		(Aster holophyllus)
fjäderaster		(Aster incisus)
liten strandstjärna	(Asteriscus aquaticus)
saltbaccharis		(Baccharis halimifolia)
tusensköna		(Bellis perennis)
missouriskära		(Bidens aristosa)
-			(Bidens aristosa var. aristosa)
-			(Bidens aristosa var. retrorsa)
flikskära		(Bidens bipinnata)
nickskära		(Bidens cernua)
purpurskära		(Bidens connata)
fläderskära		(Bidens frondosa)
nålskära		(Bidens pilosa)
grönskära		(Bidens radiata)
bahiaskära		(Bidens subalternans)
brunskära		(Bidens tripartita)
ampelskära		(Bidens triplinervia)
västskära		(Bidens vulgata)
grönskära × brunskära	(Bidens radiata × tripartita)
boltonia		(Boltonia asteroides)
dockkrage		(Brachyscome iberidifolia)
ljusöga			(Buphthalmum salicifolium)
åkerringblomma		(Calendula arvensis)
ringblomma		(Calendula officinalis)
-			(Calendula stellata)
-			(Calendula suffruticosa)
sommaraster		(Callistephus chinensis)
-			(Calotis hispidula)
-			(Calotis cuneifolia)
piggtistel		(Carduus acanthoides)
krustistel		(Carduus crispus)
kvarntistel		(Carduus hamulosus)
-			(Carduus nigrescens)
nicktistel		(Carduus nutans)
olymptistel		(Carduus nutans ssp. leiophyllus)
äkta nicktistel		(Carduus nutans ssp. nutans)
bergtistel		(Carduus personata)
gyttertistel		(Carduus pycnocephalus)
smaltistel		(Carduus tenuiflorus)
piggtistel × krustistel (Carduus acanthoides × crispus)
piggtistel × nicktistel (Carduus acanthoides × nutans)
krustistel × nicktistel (Carduus crispus × nutans)
silvertistel		(Carlina acaulis)
guldspåtistel		(Carlina corymbosa)
spåtistel		(Carlina vulgaris)
långbladig spåtistel	(Carlina vulgaris ssp. longifolia)
kortbladig spåtistel	(Carlina vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
nickört			(Carpesium cernuum)
luddsafflor		(Carthamus lanatus)
-			(Carthamus oxyacantha)
safflor			(Carthamus tinctorius)
blå gräsfibbla		(Catananche caerulea)
raspklint		(Centaurea aspera)
kardbenedikt		(Centaurea benedicta)
benklint		(Centaurea bruguieriana)
tistelklint		(Centaurea calcitrapa)
-			(Centaurea calocephala)
kamklint		(Centaurea cheiranthifolia)
gul kamklint		(Centaurea cheiranthifolia var. cheiranthifolia)
röd kamklint		(Centaurea cheiranthifolia var. purpurascens)
-			(Centaurea collina)
turkisk blåklint	(Centaurea cyanoides)
blåklint		(Centaurea cyanus)
brunklint		(Centaurea debeauxii)
-			(Centaurea debeauxii ssp. nemoralis)
-			(Centaurea depressa)
spretklint		(Centaurea diffusa)
algerklint/blekklint	(Centaurea diluta)
algerklint		(Centaurea diluta ssp. algeriensis)
blekklint		(Centaurea diluta ssp. diluta)
-			(Centaurea eriophora)
kaukasusklint		(Centaurea iberica)
rödklint		(Centaurea jacea)
-			(Centaurea jacea ssp. angustifolia)
-			(Centaurea jacea ssp. jacea)
gulklint		(Centaurea macrocephala)
-			(Centaurea macroptilon)
-			(Centaurea macroptilon ssp. macroptilon)
-			(Centaurea macroptilon ssp. oxylepis)
maltaklint		(Centaurea melitensis)
-			(Centaurea microptilon)
banklint		(Centaurea × moncktonii)
bergklint		(Centaurea montana)
svartklint		(Centaurea nigra)
fjunklint		(Centaurea nigrescens)
orientklint		(Centaurea orientalis)
-			(Centaurea ovina)
-			(Centaurea ovina ssp. besseriana)
-			(Centaurea pallescens)
-			(Centaurea paniculata)
ängsklint		(Centaurea phrygia)
finnklint		(Centaurea phrygia ssp. phrygia)
fjäderklint		(Centaurea phrygia ssp. pseudophrygia)
skönklint		(Centaurea pulchella)
-			(Centaurea rhaetica)
väddklint		(Centaurea scabiosa)
-			(Centaurea scabiosa ssp. adpressa)
-			(Centaurea scabiosa ssp. alpestris)
-			(Centaurea scabiosa ssp. apiculata)
-			(Centaurea scabiosa ssp. scabiosa)
stjärnklint		(Centaurea solstitialis)
sandklint		(Centaurea stoebe)
fransklint		(Centaurea trichocephala)
luddklint		(Centaurea triumfettii)
pysslingklint/risklint	(Centaurea virgata)
pysslingklint		(Centaurea virgata ssp. squarrosa)
risklint		(Centaurea virgata ssp. virgata)
brunklint × rödklint	(Centaurea debeauxii × jacea)
spretklint × sandklint	(Centaurea diffusa × stoebe)
-			(Centaurea jacea × macroptilon ssp. macroptilon)
-			(Centaurea jacea × macroptilon ssp. oxylepis)
-			(Centaurea jacea × microptilon)
rödklint × finnklint	(Centaurea jacea × phrygia ssp. phrygia)
rödklint × fjäderklint	(Centaurea jacea × phrygia ssp. pseudophrygia)
rödklint × sandklint	(Centaurea jacea × stoebe)
banklint × fjäderklint	(Centaurea × moncktonii × phrygia ssp. pseudophrygia)
svartklint × finnklint	(Centaurea nigra × phrygia ssp. phrygia)
svartklint × fjäderklint (Centaurea nigra × phrygia ssp. pseudophrygia)
svartklint × sandklint	(Centaurea nigra × stoebe)
sylklibbört		(Centromadia fitchii)
klibbört		(Centromadia pungens)
-			(Chamaemelum fuscatum)
romersk kamomill	(Chamaemelum nobile)
risfibbla		(Chondrilla juncea)
-			(Chromolaena odorata)
krysantemum		(Chrysanthemum × morifolium)
höstkrage		(Chrysanthemum zawadskii)
smalbladig gullknapp	(Chrysocoma tenuifolia)
sydcikoria		(Cichorium endivia)
cikoria			(Cichorium intybus)
sallatscikoria		(Cichorium intybus var. foliosum)
vanlig cikoria		(Cichorium intybus var. intybus)
klubbcikoria		(Cichorium pumilum)
jordtistel		(Cirsium acaule)
åkertistel		(Cirsium arvense)
vanlig åkertistel	(Cirsium arvense var. arvense)
grå åkertistel		(Cirsium arvense var. incanum)
martistel		(Cirsium arvense var. maritimum)
bantistel		(Cirsium canum)
ängstistel		(Cirsium dissectum)
klottistel		(Cirsium eriophorum)
brudborste		(Cirsium heterophyllum)
kåltistel		(Cirsium oleraceum)
kärrtistel		(Cirsium palustre)
bäcktistel		(Cirsium rivulare)
knöltistel		(Cirsium tuberosum)
vägtistel		(Cirsium vulgare)
jordtistel × åkertistel (Cirsium acaule × arvense)
jordtistel × brudborste (Cirsium acaule × heterophyllum)
jordtistel × kåltistel	(Cirsium acaule × oleraceum)
jordtistel × kärrtistel (Cirsium acaule × palustre)
jordtistel × vägtistel	(Cirsium acaule × vulgare)
åkertistel × bantistel	(Cirsium arvense × canum)
åkertistel × brudborste (Cirsium arvense × heterophyllum)
åkertistel × kåltistel	(Cirsium arvense × oleraceum)
åkertistel × kärrtistel (Cirsium arvense × palustre)
åkertistel × vägtistel	(Cirsium arvense × vulgare)
bantistel × kåltistel	(Cirsium canum × oleraceum)
brudborste × kåltistel	(Cirsium heterophyllum × oleraceum)
brudborste × kärrtistel (Cirsium heterophyllum × palustre)
brudborste × bäcktistel (Cirsium heterophyllum × rivulare)
kåltistel × kärrtistel	(Cirsium oleraceum × palustre)
kåltistel × bäcktistel	(Cirsium oleraceum × rivulare)
kåltistel × vägtistel	(Cirsium oleraceum × vulgare)
kärrtistel × bäcktistel (Cirsium palustre × rivulare)
kamkulla		(Cladanthus mixtus)
-			(Cladanthus mixtus var. aureus)
-			(Cladanthus mixtus var. mixtus)
stor dvärgkrage		(Coleostephus myconis)
boliviabinka		(Conyza bonariensis)
kanadabinka		(Conyza canadensis)
sumatrabinka		(Conyza sumatrensis)
-			(Coreopsis auriculata)
guldöga			(Coreopsis basalis)
flicköga		(Coreopsis grandiflora)
tigeröga		(Coreopsis tinctoria)
höstöga			(Coreopsis verticillata)
rosenskära		(Cosmos bipinnatus)
chokladskära		(Cosmos atrosanguineus)
gullskära		(Cosmos sulphureus)
storkulla		(Cota altissima)
kvarnkulla		(Cota austriaca)
-			(Cota coelopoda)
färgkulla		(Cota tinctoria)
-			(Cota triumfettii)
ogräskotula		(Cotula australis)
kotula			(Cotula coronopifolia)
morotskotula		(Cotula turbinata)
skånefibbla		(Crepis biennis)
gullfibbla		(Crepis aurea)
grönfibbla		(Crepis capillaris)
-			(Crepis capillaris var. capillaris)
-			(Crepis capillaris var. agrestis)
sprötfibbla		(Crepis foetida)
narrsprötfibbla		(Crepis foetida ssp. commutata)
glandelsprötfibbla	(Crepis foetida ssp. foetida)
borstsprötfibbla	(Crepis foetida ssp. rhoeadifolia)
mjukfibbla		(Crepis mollis)
altaifibbla		(Crepis multicaulis)
vallfibbla		(Crepis nicaeensis)
kärrfibbla		(Crepis paludosa)
klasefibbla		(Crepis praemorsa)
skönfibbla		(Crepis pulchra)
rosenfibbla		(Crepis rubra)
helgonfibbla		(Crepis sancta)
-			(Crepis sancta ssp. nemausensis)
borstfibbla		(Crepis setosa)
sibirisk fibbla		(Crepis sibirica)
klofibbla		(Crepis tectorum)
brantfibbla		(Crepis tectorum ssp. nigrescens)
alvarklofibbla		(Crepis tectorum ssp. pumila)
= alvarfibbla
-			(Crepis tectorum ssp. tectorum)
hällklofibbla		(Crepis tectorum var. glabrescens)
vanlig klofibbla	(Crepis tectorum var. tectorum)
blåsfibbla		(Crepis vesicaria)
-			(Crepis vesicaria ssp. taraxacifolia)
-			(Crepis zacintha)
kardon			(Cynara cardunculus)
kronärtskocka		(Cynara cardunculus var. scolymus)
-			(Cynara cardunculus var. cardunculus)
dahlia			(Dahlia × pinnata)
spärrklibbört		(Deinandra fasciculata)
-			(Deinandra kelloggii)
sommarmurgröna		(Delairea odorata)
stjärnöga		(Dimorphotheca ecklonis)
-			(Dimorphotheca jucunda)
väderspåman		(Dimorphotheca pluvialis)
solvisare		(Dimorphotheca sinuata)
kamferkrissla		(Dittrichia graveolens)
österrikisk gemsrot	(Doronicum austriacum)
balkangemsrot		(Doronicum columnae)
-			(Doronicum × excelsum)
kaukasisk gemsrot	(Doronicum macrophyllum)
gemsrot			(Doronicum orientale)
klostergemsrot		(Doronicum pardalianches)
stor gemsrot		(Doronicum plantagineum)
slottsgemsrot		(Doronicum willdenowii)
röd rudbeckia		(Echinacea purpurea)
blek solhatt		(Echinacea pallida)
blå bolltistel		(Echinops bannaticus)
grå bolltistel		(Echinops exaltatus)
= balkanbolltistel
bolltistel		(Echinops sphaerocephalus)
blå bolltistel × bolltistel (Echinops bannaticus × sphaerocephalus)
vitknapp		(Eclipta prostrata)
tofsblomster		(Emilia coccinea)
gråbinka		(Erigeron acris)
vanlig gråbinka		(Erigeron acris ssp. acris)
blekbinka		(Erigeron acris ssp. decoloratus)
kalbinka		(Erigeron acris ssp. droebachiensis)
brunbinka		(Erigeron acris ssp. politus)
-			(Erigeron acris ssp. serotinus)
sommarbinka		(Erigeron annuus)
blå sommarbinka		(Erigeron annuus ssp. annuus)
vit sommarbinka		(Erigeron annuus ssp. septentrionalis)
rosenbinka		(Erigeron borealis)
vallbinka		(Erigeron glabellus)
svartbinka		(Erigeron humilis)
praktbinka		(Erigeron × hybridus)
murbinka		(Erigeron karvinskianus)
skönbinka		(Erigeron speciosus)
strävbinka		(Erigeron subtrinervis)
fjällbinka		(Erigeron uniflorus)
vitbinka		(Erigeron uniflorus ssp. eriocephalus)
vanlig fjällbinka	(Erigeron uniflorus ssp. uniflorus)
brunbinka × rosenbinka	(Erigeron acris ssp. politus × borealis)
brunbinka × svartbinka	(Erigeron acris ssp. politus × humilis)
brunbinka × fjällbinka	(Erigeron acris ssp. politus × uniflorus)
rosenbinka × fjällbinka (Erigeron borealis × uniflorus)
svartbinka × fjällbinka (Erigeron humilis × uniflorus)
ullblad			(Eriophyllum lanatum)
hampflockel		(Eupatorium cannabinum)
höstflockel		(Eupatorium serotinum)
iva			(Euphrosyne xanthiifolia)
vit skogsaster		(Eurybia divaricata)
glandelaster		(Eurybia macrophylla)
skogsaster		(Eurybia schreberi)
sibirisk aster		(Eurybia sibirica)
kvastgullris		(Euthamia graminifolia)
-			(Eutrochium fistulosum)
fläckflockel		(Eutrochium maculatum)
rosenflockel		(Eutrochium purpureum)
dockaster		(Felicia tenella)
ullört			(Filago arvensis)
-			(Filago eriocephala)
gulgrå ullört		(Filago lutescens)
-			(Filago pygmaea)
spansk ullört		(Filago pyramidata)
korsikansk ullört	(Filago tyrrhenica)
klotullört		(Filago vulgaris)
flaveria		(Flaveria bidentis)
kokardblomster		(Gaillardia × grandiflora)
sommarkokardblomster	(Gaillardia pulchella)
klinttistel		(Galactites tomentosus)
gullborste		(Galatella linosyris)
prickaster		(Galatella sedifolia)
rödgängel		(Galinsoga caracasana)
gängel			(Galinsoga parviflora)
hårgängel		(Galinsoga quadriradiata)
rödnoppa		(Gamochaeta purpurea)
-			(Gamochaeta pensylvanica)
späd haverrot		(Geropogon hybridus)
kranskrage		(Glebionis coronaria)
brokkrage		(Glebionis multicolor)
gullkrage		(Glebionis segetum)
norsknoppa		(Gnaphalium norvegicum)
grånoppa		(Gnaphalium polycaulon)
fjällnoppa		(Gnaphalium supinum)
skogsnoppa		(Gnaphalium sylvaticum)
sumpnoppa		(Gnaphalium uliginosum)
-			(Gnaphalium uliginosum ssp. pilulare)
-			(Gnaphalium uliginosum ssp. uliginosum)
mellannoppa		(Gnaphalium norvegicum × sylvaticum)
klibbgrindelia		(Grindelia hirsutula)
grindelia		(Grindelia squarrosa)
nigerfrö		(Guizotia abyssinica)
= negerfrö
strävt nigerfrö		(Guizotia scabra)
-			(Guizotia scabra ssp. schimperi)
luddnigerfrö		(Guizotia villosa)
vattenflockel		(Gymnocoronis spilanthoides)
rörfibbla		(Hedypnois rhagadioloides)
sommarsolbrud		(Helenium amarum)
äppelsolbrud		(Helenium aromaticum)
solbrud			(Helenium autumnale)
solros			(Helianthus annuus)
-			(Helianthus atrorubens)
miniatyrsolros		(Helianthus debilis)
-			(Helianthus debilis ssp. cucumerifolius)
gullsolros		(Helianthus decapetalus)
-			(Helianthus giganteus)
tandsolros		(Helianthus grosseserratus)
präriesolros		(Helianthus × laetiflorus)
prinssolros		(Helianthus maximiliani)
dunsolros		(Helianthus mollis)
stor gullsolros		(Helianthus × multiflorus)
-			(Helianthus niveus)
-			(Helianthus niveus ssp. canescens)
nuttallsolros		(Helianthus nuttallii)
höstsolros		(Helianthus pauciflorus)
-			(Helianthus pauciflorus ssp. pauciflorus)
-			(Helianthus pauciflorus ssp. subrhomboideus)
hamnsolros		(Helianthus petiolaris)
skobandssolros		(Helianthus salicifolius)
strävsolros		(Helianthus strumosus)
jordärtskocka		(Helianthus tuberosus)
solros × miniatyrsolros (Helianthus annuus × debilis)
hedblomster		(Helichrysum arenarium)
curryeternell		(Helichrysum italicum)
-			(Helichrysum italicum ssp. italicum)
rabatteternell		(Helichrysum petiolare)
dagöga			(Heliopsis helianthoides)
lyktfibbla		(Helminthotheca echioides)
solkrage		(Heteranthemis viscidehirta)
spädskära		(Heterosperma pinnatum)
kamferört		(Heterotheca subaxillaris)
hökfibblor		(Hieracium)
= hökfibbla
dovrefibblor		(Hieracium sect. Alpestria)
-			(Hieracium artatum)
-			(Hieracium barturtense)
-			(Hieracium corymbellum)
-			(Hieracium cyanoleucum)
-			(Hieracium danicum)
-			(Hieracium diversicolor)
-			(Hieracium dovrensiforme)
-			(Hieracium fabridens)
-			(Hieracium gemellum)
-			(Hieracium glabelliforme)
-			(Hieracium glabellum)
-			(Hieracium glaucopallidulum)
-			(Hieracium gracilentipes)
-			(Hieracium gracilescens)
-			(Hieracium grammocybe)
-			(Hieracium grammopoecilum)
-			(Hieracium grandifrons)
-			(Hieracium humidorum)
-			(Hieracium indutiforme)
-			(Hieracium indutum)
-			(Hieracium leiophyton)
-			(Hieracium lentopilum)
-			(Hieracium leptocomum)
-			(Hieracium melanotum)
-			(Hieracium mutilatum)
-			(Hieracium obtusissimum)
-			(Hieracium orphneilema)
-			(Hieracium pachycephalum)
-			(Hieracium percnophyllum)
-			(Hieracium polyauxes)
-			(Hieracium praecanuliforme)
-			(Hieracium praetenellum)
-			(Hieracium scotophorum)
-			(Hieracium sericocybe)
-			(Hieracium spiculatiforme)
-			(Hieracium splendens)
-			(Hieracium subchloroticum)
-			(Hieracium subdesmaticum)
-			(Hieracium submutilatum)
-			(Hieracium substitutum)
-			(Hieracium supplicatum)
-			(Hieracium trechnophorum)
-			(Hieracium truncatum)
fjällfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Alpina)
klisterfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Amplexicaulia)
-			(Hieracium pulmonarioides)
krattfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Bifida)
norsk fetfibbla		(Hieracium acidotum)
brunspetsad fibbla	(Hieracium acrogymnon)
palmérfibbla		(Hieracium acudentulum)
hårig stenfibbla	(Hieracium aethotrichum)
ågelsjöfibbla		(Hieracium albiduliforme)
blek tallfibbla		(Hieracium albidulum)
blek vägfibbla		(Hieracium albinotum)
tvekfibbla		(Hieracium ambigosum)
lidenfibbla		(Hieracium amblygonium)
storfibbla		(Hieracium amplificatum)
navarnäsfibbla		(Hieracium angustidens)
puderfibbla		(Hieracium anisotomum)
spetsfibbla		(Hieracium apicum)
örnfibbla		(Hieracium aquiliceps)
svängfibbla		(Hieracium arcuaticuneatum)
silverfibbla		(Hieracium argentarium)
brynfibbla		(Hieracium argutulum)
gnagfibbla		(Hieracium arrosiforme)
-			(Hieracium arrosum)
värmlandsfibbla		(Hieracium asemum)
flikig tallfibbla	(Hieracium askii)
stänkfibbla		(Hieracium basifolium)
bergströmsfibbla	(Hieracium bergstroemii)
kurvfibbla		(Hieracium bicurvum)
klyvfibbla		(Hieracium brandelii)
ärteråsfibbla		(Hieracium brevialatum)
prydlig tallfibbla	(Hieracium caesiiflorum)
zebrafibbla		(Hieracium caesiomurorum)
blåsvart hällfibbla	(Hieracium caesionigrescens)
flikig krattfibbla	(Hieracium caesitium)
mörk läderfibbla	(Hieracium calatharium)
norsk hällfibbla	(Hieracium calliglaucum)
stoftfibbla		(Hieracium canitiosum)
norrgårdafibbla		(Hieracium carnosiceps)
lapptäckesfibbla	(Hieracium centonale)
björnbergsfibbla	(Hieracium centrotum)
nipfibbla		(Hieracium cerussatum)
grov tallfibbla		(Hieracium chlorellum)
rutefibbla		(Hieracium chondrodes)
askfibbla		(Hieracium cinerellum)
skäckfibbla		(Hieracium cinereotectum)
vasstandad hällfibbla	(Hieracium coadunatum)
hög tallfibbla		(Hieracium compitale)
konfibbla		(Hieracium coniops)
hjärtfibbla		(Hieracium cordigerum)
dalkarlsfibbla		(Hieracium dalecarlicum)
esaufibbla		(Hieracium dasytomum)
stålfibbla		(Hieracium dermatodes)
dyringfibbla		(Hieracium dyringii)
kappelshamnsfibbla	(Hieracium ebenarium)
emblafibbla		(Hieracium emblae)
skifferfibbla		(Hieracium epicrocifolium)
räfsfibbla		(Hieracium exaltans)
mjölfibbla		(Hieracium farinaceum)
smal blyfibbla		(Hieracium fraudulentum)
läderfibbla		(Hieracium fulvescens)
späd fetfibbla		(Hieracium gracilifrons)
-			(Hieracium grophosiceps)
grov stenfibbla		(Hieracium grophosum)
vass krattfibbla	(Hieracium gymnocentrum)
gotländsk tallfibbla	(Hieracium hangvarense)
spjutfibbla		(Hieracium hasticum)
helenafibbla		(Hieracium helenae)
hälsingefibbla		(Hieracium helsingicum)
nickelfibbla		(Hieracium itharophyton)
jueltallfibbla		(Hieracium juelii)
hackfibbla		(Hieracium lacerabile)
trasfibbla		(Hieracium lacerifolium)
klen färgfibbla		(Hieracium laeticolor)
bondpersfibbla		(Hieracium leptum)
lenfibbla		(Hieracium lissodermum)
halsfibbla		(Hieracium longicollum)
färgfibbla		(Hieracium longimanum)
edstafibbla		(Hieracium luculentorum)
norsk fläckfibbla	(Hieracium maculosiforme)
fläckfibbla		(Hieracium maculosum)
armfibbla		(Hieracium manocolum)
klintefibbla		(Hieracium manotrichum)
malmefibbla		(Hieracium mediiforme)
metallfibbla		(Hieracium metaliceps)
strängnäsfibbla		(Hieracium molybdinoides)
molybdenfibbla		(Hieracium molybdinum)
mörk krattfibbla	(Hieracium nigricanticeps)
svartbrun fibbla	(Hieracium nigrofuscum)
nordlanderfibbla	(Hieracium nordlanderi)
tvillingfibbla		(Hieracium oligasterum)
gotlandsfibbla		(Hieracium opacum)
mångtandad hällfibbla	(Hieracium opeatodontum)
zinkfibbla		(Hieracium oxylepium)
grovstjälkig fibbla	(Hieracium pachycalamum)
mörk slokfibbla		(Hieracium penduliforme)
slokfibbla		(Hieracium pendulum)
snibbfibbla		(Hieracium percrenatum)
brunfibbla		(Hieracium phaeopsarum)
möfibbla		(Hieracium placibile)
blyfibbla		(Hieracium plumbeum)
gunnarsnäsfibbla	(Hieracium plumuligerum)
slitsfibbla		(Hieracium polyschistomorphum)
marmorfibbla		(Hieracium porrigens)
huggfibbla		(Hieracium porrigentiforme)
klenfibbla		(Hieracium praetenerum)
maskeradfibbla		(Hieracium praevarianum)
uppsalafibbla		(Hieracium praviforme)
buckelfibbla		(Hieracium pravifrons)
krattfibbla		(Hieracium prolixum)
vimpelfibbla		(Hieracium proversum)
smal krattfibbla	(Hieracium psepharum)
indalsfibbla		(Hieracium pseudolaeticeps)
gulstiftig krattfibbla	(Hieracium pseudoscioides)
blå stenfibbla		(Hieracium psilodorum)
stenfibbla		(Hieracium ravidum)
-			(Hieracium ravidum var. exaltifrons)
-			(Hieracium ravidum var. pectinellum)
-			(Hieracium ravidum var. ravidum)
-			(Hieracium ravidum var. sublustre)
tennfibbla		(Hieracium ravusculum)
ringsellefibbla		(Hieracium ringsellei)
tjurfibbla		(Hieracium ruminosiforme)
tuggfibbla		(Hieracium ruminosum)
fetfibbla		(Hieracium sarcophyllum)
porfyrfibbla		(Hieracium saurotoides)
trappfibbla		(Hieracium scalenum)
tallfibbla		(Hieracium scandinaviorum)
blek hällfibbla		(Hieracium siliginellum)
-			(Hieracium siliginosum)
dalafibbla		(Hieracium siljense)
lysfibbla		(Hieracium sinuosifrons)
gästrikefibbla		(Hieracium solanum)
spegelfibbla		(Hieracium speculare)
hällfibbla		(Hieracium stenolepis)
glitterfibbla		(Hieracium stilbocephalum)
stymnofibbla		(Hieracium stymnophytum)
borgsjöfibbla		(Hieracium subacuens)
hårlös krattfibbla	(Hieracium subchristianense)
nordlig tallfibbla	(Hieracium subcordigerum)
ellipsfibbla		(Hieracium subedentulum)
mörkstiftig hällfibbla	(Hieracium sublividum)
viklaufibbla		(Hieracium submetaliceps)
fleringefibbla		(Hieracium subnaevosum)
marstrandsfibbla	(Hieracium subplumuligerum)
narrtallfibbla		(Hieracium subulicuspis)
mörkhårig hällfibbla	(Hieracium tanaodeirum)
skärklittsfibbla	(Hieracium trunciceps)
jungfrufibbla		(Hieracium verniferum)
kvigfibbla		(Hieracium vinaceiforme)
vinfibbla		(Hieracium vinaceum)
viggfibbla		(Hieracium xystophorum)
druvfibbla		(Hieracium zonulatiforme)
zonfibbla		(Hieracium zonulatum)
atlantfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Cerinthoidea)
-			(Hieracium phaeoprasum)
norrlandsfibblor	(Hieracium sect. Foliosa)
-			(Hieracium acinacifolium)
-			(Hieracium aidnocephalum)
-			(Hieracium alsophilum)
-			(Hieracium angustiforme)
fjunfibbla		(Hieracium angustum)
-			(Hieracium aphanadenium)
-			(Hieracium auratum)
-			(Hieracium botniense)
-			(Hieracium buënse)
-			(Hieracium centrophyllum)
sidenfibbla		(Hieracium chloromelanum)
-			(Hieracium corymbosum)
-			(Hieracium crocatifrons)
-			(Hieracium crocatum)
-			(Hieracium detruncatum)
-			(Hieracium dilatatum)
-			(Hieracium euphorbiacearum)
-			(Hieracium eurigorosum)
-			(Hieracium euryphyllophorum)
-			(Hieracium farinifrons)
-			(Hieracium fistulosum)
-			(Hieracium floccosius)
-			(Hieracium haematocentrum)
hugofibbla		(Hieracium hugonis)
-			(Hieracium hypochnoodes)
-			(Hieracium hypselum)
-			(Hieracium oddense)
-			(Hieracium pellochroum)
-			(Hieracium pelorum)
-			(Hieracium phyllicum)
-			(Hieracium phyllodes)
-			(Hieracium platylepioides)
-			(Hieracium platylepium)
-			(Hieracium polycomum)
-			(Hieracium praecelsicaule)
-			(Hieracium pseudopolycomoides)
-			(Hieracium pycnophyllum)
-			(Hieracium reticulatum)
-			(Hieracium rhabdotum)
-			(Hieracium spiculum)
-			(Hieracium stenopristum)
-			(Hieracium stricticretum)
-			(Hieracium strictum)
-			(Hieracium subangustum)
-			(Hieracium substrictum)
svenoniusfibbla		(Hieracium svenonianum)
-			(Hieracium tanycaulon)
-			(Hieracium trichophyton)
-			(Hieracium wittrockianum)
flockfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Hieracioides)
flockfibbla		(Hieracium umbellatum)
skogsfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Hieracium)
-			(Hieracium abbreviatum)
granlundsfibbla		(Hieracium abiegni)
-			(Hieracium abrupticuspis)
-			(Hieracium accrescens)
nålfibbla		(Hieracium acidolepis)
-			(Hieracium acromaurum)
slipfibbla		(Hieracium acuens)
-			(Hieracium adsimilans)
-			(Hieracium aelochroum)
-			(Hieracium aemulans)
-			(Hieracium aequialtum)
-			(Hieracium aethalodes)
himmelsfibbla		(Hieracium aethiadenium)
-			(Hieracium ageneium)
-			(Hieracium albovarium)
vitbandad fibbla	(Hieracium albovittatum)
älgfibbla		(Hieracium alces)
-			(Hieracium alipes)
-			(Hieracium alsense)
rävfibbla		(Hieracium altipes)
-			(Hieracium amaurodes)
svansfibbla		(Hieracium amblyglochin)
-			(Hieracium amblyodontum)
-			(Hieracium amoeniflorum)
spolfibbla		(Hieracium amoenifrons)
-			(Hieracium amplidens)
-			(Hieracium amplisissimum)
hårlös rivfibbla	(Hieracium ancisum)
klösfibbla		(Hieracium anfractifolium)
-			(Hieracium angulatifrons)
kantfibbla		(Hieracium angulosum)
-			(Hieracium angustevitreum)
-			(Hieracium anisolepis)
-			(Hieracium anisolobum)
köttfibbla		(Hieracium anodontum)
-			(Hieracium anthracostylum)
-			(Hieracium appendiculatum)
-			(Hieracium aquilum)
-			(Hieracium araeocladum)
silverbergsfibbla	(Hieracium argentimontanum)
-			(Hieracium arguteserratum)
-			(Hieracium asteroloma)
-			(Hieracium aterrimum)
-			(Hieracium atricolor)
röskåsfibbla		(Hieracium atriglomerosum)
-			(Hieracium baliophyllum)
-			(Hieracium baroniae)
-			(Hieracium basidecurrens)
-			(Hieracium basidenticeps)
-			(Hieracium basifalcatum)
-			(Hieracium basilacinium)
-			(Hieracium basilimbatum)
-			(Hieracium basiunguiculum)
-			(Hieracium basivinosum)
-			(Hieracium bathymallum)
-			(Hieracium bembicophorum)
-			(Hieracium betuletorum)
-			(Hieracium bijugipes)
klykfibbla		(Hieracium birameum)
-			(Hieracium brachycodon)
-			(Hieracium brachythysanum)
-			(Hieracium brevifloriferum)
-			(Hieracium breviglandulum)
-			(Hieracium breviligulatum)
snaggfibbla		(Hieracium brevipilosum)
-			(Hieracium brevivestitum)
-			(Hieracium brunellicuspis)
nordlig krattfibbla	(Hieracium caesiotinctum)
lansettfibbla		(Hieracium caliginosum)
-			(Hieracium calochromum)
-			(Hieracium calochroum)
-			(Hieracium caloxanthum)
krumfibbla		(Hieracium camurum)
valpfibbla		(Hieracium canipediforme)
-			(Hieracium canipedifrons)
vargfibbla		(Hieracium canipes)
-			(Hieracium canostriatum)
-			(Hieracium canoturbinatum)
-			(Hieracium canulentum)
-			(Hieracium caperatum)
hajtandsfibbla		(Hieracium carcarophyllum)
-			(Hieracium catillifolium)
-			(Hieracium caudatulum)
-			(Hieracium cerussatiforme)
-			(Hieracium chloanocybe)
gräsgrön fibbla		(Hieracium chloeropis)
-			(Hieracium chlorolomiceps)
vesslefibbla		(Hieracium chloromaurum)
-			(Hieracium chordosum)
ögonfransfibbla		(Hieracium ciliatiflorum)
tabergsfibbla		(Hieracium ciliatiforme)
plymfibbla		(Hieracium cirrobractum)
-			(Hieracium claricolor)
-			(Hieracium columniforme)
boafibbla		(Hieracium comanticeps)
-			(Hieracium comitans)
-			(Hieracium compactum)
-			(Hieracium conspurcans)
-			(Hieracium contaminatum)
-			(Hieracium convergens)
-			(Hieracium convergentipes)
-			(Hieracium corniculans)
-			(Hieracium corynodes)
rönnfibbla		(Hieracium cosmiodontum)
storkorgsfibbla		(Hieracium crassiceps)
-			(Hieracium crebridens)
-			(Hieracium crebriserratum)
-			(Hieracium crenosum)
-			(Hieracium criniculosum)
-			(Hieracium crispatulum)
-			(Hieracium cultratum)
-			(Hieracium cumatile)
kopparbergsfibbla	(Hieracium cuprimontanum)
-			(Hieracium curvifrons)
hjulfibbla		(Hieracium cyclum)
-			(Hieracium cymaterum)
-			(Hieracium cyrtocladum)
hornfibbla		(Hieracium cyrtotrachelum)
spatelfibbla		(Hieracium dactylites)
-			(Hieracium daniciforme)
-			(Hieracium dasycranum)
-			(Hieracium decorans)
-			(Hieracium decurrentidens)
limafibbla		(Hieracium delime)
hisåsfibbla		(Hieracium demutabile)
östmarksfibbla		(Hieracium densecomosum)
-			(Hieracium densedenticulatum)
-			(Hieracium densifloccum)
-			(Hieracium densipellitum)
-			(Hieracium dentidecurrens)
växeltandsfibbla	(Hieracium dentifolium)
parfibbla		(Hieracium didymiceps)
spädfibbla		(Hieracium diminuens)
-			(Hieracium diphyllum)
-			(Hieracium distanticeps)
särfibbla		(Hieracium distinctum)
finnfibbla		(Hieracium distractum)
malungsfibbla		(Hieracium distrudens)
-			(Hieracium dolichophyllum)
döderhultsfibbla	(Hieracium duderhultense)
-			(Hieracium duplicaticeps)
-			(Hieracium durum)
edselefibbla		(Hieracium edselense)
-			(Hieracium egenum)
-			(Hieracium elongaticeps)
älvdalsfibba		(Hieracium elvdalense)
-			(Hieracium erioneurum)
luddfibbla		(Hieracium erysibodes)
gycklarfibbla		(Hieracium ethologum)
-			(Hieracium euchloodes)
bårdfibbla		(Hieracium eudaedalum)
skinkfibbla		(Hieracium eumeces)
-			(Hieracium eurygonium)
-			(Hieracium eurylobum)
stickfibbla		(Hieracium euthysanum)
evafibbla		(Hieracium evae)
blek trollfibbla	(Hieracium expallescens)
slät trollfibbla	(Hieracium expallidiforme)
norrländsk trollfibbla	(Hieracium expallidum)
-			(Hieracium extensifrons)
-			(Hieracium festivum)
-			(Hieracium filiflorum)
-			(Hieracium firmipilum)
kolmårdsfibbla		(Hieracium flagriferum)
-			(Hieracium floccivestitum)
-			(Hieracium fodinarium)
-			(Hieracium froederstroemii)
trattfibbla		(Hieracium funerale)
-			(Hieracium fuscocinereum)
-			(Hieracium fuscoviridiceps)
-			(Hieracium gaeutaënse)
-			(Hieracium geminatum)
-			(Hieracium gerontocephalum)
gulgrå fibbla		(Hieracium gilvocaniceps)
aspfibbla		(Hieracium glandulosissimum)
-			(Hieracium glaucinifrons)
vinkelfibbla		(Hieracium goniophyllum)
praktfibbla		(Hieracium grandidens)
-			(Hieracium grandidentiforme)
-			(Hieracium grandifoliatum)
-			(Hieracium grandiserratum)
gripfibbla		(Hieracium gripharium)
-			(Hieracium griphodes)
-			(Hieracium guttatifrons)
borgarfibbla		(Hieracium habitius)
habofibbla		(Hieracium haboënse)
hägerströmsfibbla	(Hieracium haegerstroemii)
-			(Hieracium halsicum)
-			(Hieracium hastato-ovatum)
pilfibbla		(Hieracium hepaticolor)
hjeltfibbla		(Hieracium hjeltii)
-			(Hieracium hortense)
-			(Hieracium humiliceps)
rosenfotad fibbla	(Hieracium hyperlepideum)
-			(Hieracium hypomallum)
-			(Hieracium hypsilophum)
piggsvinsfibbla		(Hieracium hystrix)
-			(Hieracium imberbe)
hakfibbla		(Hieracium implume)
-			(Hieracium inaequidens)
kålfibbla		(Hieracium incrassans)
gläntfibbla		(Hieracium informe)
bindelfibbla		(Hieracium infularium)
småfibbla		(Hieracium inophyllum)
saftfibbla		(Hieracium insuccatum)
helfibbla		(Hieracium integratifrons)
äggfibbla		(Hieracium integratum)
korpfibbla		(Hieracium intercalatum)
-			(Hieracium intercedens)
kuggfibbla		(Hieracium intermarginatum)
-			(Hieracium intolerans)
-			(Hieracium involutiforme)
irmafibbla		(Hieracium irmae)
-			(Hieracium isopleurum)
-			(Hieracium issenii)
tvåbladig fibbla	(Hieracium ithytomum)
jädraåsfibbla		(Hieracium jaedrense)
-			(Hieracium jebronense)
lövhultsfibbla		(Hieracium johanssonii)
småkorgig vargfibbla	(Hieracium juncinescens)
olivfibbla		(Hieracium junciniforme)
-			(Hieracium koehleri)
-			(Hieracium lancinatum)
smal trollfibbla	(Hieracium lanuginosum)
larssonfibbla		(Hieracium larssonii)
-			(Hieracium lateovatum)
-			(Hieracium latidens)
-			(Hieracium laxifloccum)
-			(Hieracium laxilimbatum)
legnodfibbla		(Hieracium legnodes)
björkfibbla		(Hieracium lepistoides)
-			(Hieracium leptomeres)
vitsvansfibbla		(Hieracium leucurolepium)
-			(Hieracium leurolonchum)
-			(Hieracium liljeholmii)
-			(Hieracium limbifloccum)
ljus flikfibbla		(Hieracium limitaneum)
tungfibbla		(Hieracium lingua)
-			(Hieracium linguaememorans)
-			(Hieracium lividulifolium)
åsfibbla		(Hieracium lophophyllum)
clownfibbla		(Hieracium ludificans)
-			(Hieracium luzuleti)
lyrfibbla		(Hieracium lyratifolium)
magerfibbla		(Hieracium macellum)
knivfibbla		(Hieracium machairodon)
tofsfibbla		(Hieracium macradenium)
långfjällig fibbla	(Hieracium macrocoelium)
raggfibbla		(Hieracium macromalloides)
tossåsfibbla		(Hieracium macromallum)
-			(Hieracium macrurum)
meanderfibbla		(Hieracium maeandrinum)
-			(Hieracium maesticolor)
mjukbladig fibbla	(Hieracium malaxatum)
pälsfibbla		(Hieracium mallophyllum)
ljus tassfibbla		(Hieracium mallopodoides)
tassfibbla		(Hieracium mallopodum)
-			(Hieracium mammatidens)
-			(Hieracium manubricatum)
-			(Hieracium marginelliceps)
veckfibbla		(Hieracium marginellum)
-			(Hieracium maurostylum)
nyckelviksfibbla	(Hieracium megalotrachelum)
-			(Hieracium melanthes)
högfibbla		(Hieracium membrosum)
-			(Hieracium micracladioides)
-			(Hieracium microcodon)
-			(Hieracium microphoron)
-			(Hieracium microstictum)
-			(Hieracium mimeticum)
kristiansfibbla		(Hieracium minimidens)
ärnäsfibbla		(Hieracium molucratum)
-			(Hieracium monochroum)
-			(Hieracium monstrosum)
mullbärsfibbla		(Hieracium morulum)
snipfibbla		(Hieracium mucrodentatum)
-			(Hieracium mucroniferum)
hårig triangelfibbla	(Hieracium multisigne)
vikarbyfibbla		(Hieracium mundulifolium)
nubbfibbla		(Hieracium mundulum)
-			(Hieracium musivale)
slingerfibbla		(Hieracium mutabundum)
blåbärsfibbla		(Hieracium myrtillinum)
fläckig triangelfibbla	(Hieracium naevifolium)
-			(Hieracium naevium)
-			(Hieracium nastum)
stumpfibbla		(Hieracium neomicracladium)
sågfibbla		(Hieracium neoserratifrons)
-			(Hieracium nepheloides)
smedfibbla		(Hieracium neritodon)
-			(Hieracium nigrisquameum)
-			(Hieracium nigritipes)
svartblå fibbla		(Hieracium nigrocyaneum)
-			(Hieracium nigroolivaceum)
-			(Hieracium nigroviridans)
-			(Hieracium nigroviridiceps)
-			(Hieracium niveicuspis)
-			(Hieracium niveoornatum)
-			(Hieracium nuoliense)
-			(Hieracium nymphaeatiforme)
-			(Hieracium nymphaeatum)
-			(Hieracium obellipticum)
rännebergsfibbla	(Hieracium oblanceolatum)
vätterfibbla		(Hieracium obliquifolium)
ruskåsfibbla		(Hieracium obovatifrons)
dimfibbla		(Hieracium obtextum)
-			(Hieracium obtusifrons)
-			(Hieracium obtusius)
vågfibbla		(Hieracium obtusoserratum)
svarthårig fibbla	(Hieracium obversiforme)
blomsterfibbla		(Hieracium obversum)
bred älvdalsfibbla	(Hieracium ochrochlorum)
sälenfibbla		(Hieracium ocriophyllum)
-			(Hieracium offerdalense)
blixtfibbla		(Hieracium offulgens)
-			(Hieracium ohlsenii)
trollfibbla		(Hieracium oistophyllum)
mattbladig fibbla	(Hieracium oligochnoum)
vinkeltandsfibbla	(Hieracium oligogonium)
fåfjällig fibbla	(Hieracium oligolepium)
-			(Hieracium oligopolium)
-			(Hieracium oligozum)
-			(Hieracium onychodontum)
grytnäsfibbla		(Hieracium opaciceps)
cirkelfibbla		(Hieracium orbicans)
ängersjöfibbla		(Hieracium orbicantiforme)
-			(Hieracium orbiculatum)
-			(Hieracium ornatissimum)
penselfibbla		(Hieracium orphnolepium)
rakfibbla		(Hieracium orthorachis)
osmundsfibbla		(Hieracium osmundaceum)
-			(Hieracium otophorum)
knubbfibbla		(Hieracium pachycranum)
-			(Hieracium pachyodon)
palettfibbla		(Hieracium panaeolum)
-			(Hieracium papillosum)
-			(Hieracium parallelisquameum)
dysterfibbla		(Hieracium paramaurum)
-			(Hieracium paratocum)
sköldfibbla		(Hieracium parmiferum)
mörkhövdad fibbla	(Hieracium parmulatum)
-			(Hieracium parvulifrons)
patalfibbla		(Hieracium patale)
-			(Hieracium paucidentatum)
kamfibbla		(Hieracium pectinatum)
granfibbla		(Hieracium pellucidum)
-			(Hieracium penduloides)
-			(Hieracium peracutum)
-			(Hieracium percrenatiforme)
smalfibbla		(Hieracium perelegans)
-			(Hieracium perexpansum)
grovtandad fibbla	(Hieracium perlaxum)
flikfibbla		(Hieracium persimile)
-			(Hieracium pertenuatum)
spetsfjällig trollfibbla (Hieracium phaeocomoides)
kerubfibbla		(Hieracium phaeocybe)
brunhårig fibbla	(Hieracium phaeotrichum)
-			(Hieracium phalarograptum)
limbergsfibbla		(Hieracium phaleratum)
fiolfibbla		(Hieracium philanthracinum)
fläckig trollfibbla	(Hieracium philanthrax)
-			(Hieracium phrixocomoides)
-			(Hieracium pilulicuspis)
-			(Hieracium placerum)
arfibbla		(Hieracium planifrons)
grobladsfibbla		(Hieracium plantaginifolium)
-			(Hieracium platyanthelum)
mjösjöfibbla		(Hieracium platybasis)
horrmundsfibbla		(Hieracium platygastor)
hoforsfibbla		(Hieracium platylonchum)
plattfibbla		(Hieracium platysemum)
-			(Hieracium plicatifrons)
-			(Hieracium plumbeolum)
-			(Hieracium poliosteleum)
bågfibbla		(Hieracium polycampylum)
-			(Hieracium polycritum)
krusfibbla		(Hieracium polycymum)
-			(Hieracium polyglochin)
-			(Hieracium polygrammum)
-			(Hieracium polyleucum)
närkefibbla		(Hieracium polypelium)
-			(Hieracium porphyritifrons)
-			(Hieracium porphyrostictum)
-			(Hieracium praecinereum)
nystfibbla		(Hieracium praetusum)
-			(Hieracium prasinescens)
-			(Hieracium prasinochroum)
hårig klenfibbla	(Hieracium propinquum)
-			(Hieracium protractifolium)
-			(Hieracium protractifrons)
-			(Hieracium proversiforme)
-			(Hieracium pseudamaurophyllum)
-			(Hieracium pseudocrebridens)
norsk spädfibbla	(Hieracium pseudodiminuens)
-			(Hieracium pseudogaeutaënse)
gunnarfibbla		(Hieracium pseudoincrassans)
-			(Hieracium pseudopachyodon)
norrbottensfibbla	(Hieracium pseudopsepharum)
-			(Hieracium pseudoringselense)
-			(Hieracium pseudostenolepis)
-			(Hieracium psiloloma)
-			(Hieracium psilurum)
-			(Hieracium psittacinum)
stegfibbla		(Hieracium pteropodium)
-			(Hieracium ptilophorum)
-			(Hieracium pulchriceps)
sköntandad fibbla	(Hieracium pulchridens)
-			(Hieracium pulveraceum)
-			(Hieracium pulvericeps)
-			(Hieracium pulvimarginatum)
stödefibbla		(Hieracium puricolor)
-			(Hieracium pusilliceps)
sydlig trollfibbla	(Hieracium pycnodon)
nätfibbla		(Hieracium pycnotomum)
-			(Hieracium quadridentatum)
-			(Hieracium radiiflorum)
stråltandad fibbla	(Hieracium radiodens)
-			(Hieracium radiopes)
-			(Hieracium ramselense)
drottningfibbla		(Hieracium regillatiforme)
kungsfibbla		(Hieracium regillatum)
hårig granfibbla	(Hieracium remanens)
mörkaklevsfibbla	(Hieracium remanentiforme)
-			(Hieracium reversidens)
-			(Hieracium ringselense)
rubinfibbla		(Hieracium rubiginans)
rivfibbla		(Hieracium sarissatum)
skuggfibbla		(Hieracium scioides)
-			(Hieracium scotocephalum)
vårfibbla		(Hieracium scotostictum)
-			(Hieracium scotostylum)
bräckefibbla		(Hieracium semicanipes)
-			(Hieracium semipendulum)
-			(Hieracium semistellatifrons)
-			(Hieracium seriflorum)
timmersågsfibbla	(Hieracium serratoellipticum)
-			(Hieracium silboënse)
siltefibbla		(Hieracium siltense)
-			(Hieracium skytteanum)
däldfibbla		(Hieracium soleifolium)
-			(Hieracium spaniotrichum)
-			(Hieracium spanocomum)
nordlig sågfibbla	(Hieracium spargens)
spretfibbla		(Hieracium sparsidens)
-			(Hieracium sparsidentiforme)
-			(Hieracium sparsifloccum)
-			(Hieracium sparsiguttatum)
fåglarpsfibbla		(Hieracium speirodon)
-			(Hieracium sphenoides)
sandnäsfibbla		(Hieracium sphenophyllum)
-			(Hieracium spodiocladum)
-			(Hieracium spodiolepis)
grängesbergsfibbla	(Hieracium steenhoffii)
-			(Hieracium stellatifrons)
liten skuggfibbla	(Hieracium steloides)
stenbergsfibbla		(Hieracium stenbergii)
-			(Hieracium stenocranoides)
-			(Hieracium stenogrammum)
-			(Hieracium stenolepidoides)
rambutanfibbla		(Hieracium stenolomoides)
smalstrimmig fibbla	(Hieracium stenolomum)
-			(Hieracium stenotrichum)
stenströmsfibbla	(Hieracium stenstroemii)
-			(Hieracium stiptadenium)
-			(Hieracium strengnense)
-			(Hieracium strictipes)
-			(Hieracium subausterum)
höglandsfibbla		(Hieracium subciliatum)
järvfibbla		(Hieracium subcrassiforme)
mårdfibbla		(Hieracium subcrassum)
lillfjätsfibbla		(Hieracium subhastatum)
-			(Hieracium subhorizontale)
småtandad fibbla	(Hieracium subintegratum)
-			(Hieracium submammatidens)
-			(Hieracium subphalarograptum)
krusbärsfibbla		(Hieracium subplacerum)
-			(Hieracium subrivoënse)
hullingfibbla		(Hieracium subsparsidens)
lofibbla		(Hieracium subterscissum)
-			(Hieracium subtilipilosum)
sylfibbla		(Hieracium subulatidens)
-			(Hieracium subulatum)
Lars-Levis fibbla	(Hieracium subumbelliferum)
isfibbla		(Hieracium subviridans)
tjockbladig fibbla	(Hieracium succulentifolium)
sörmlandsfibbla		(Hieracium sudermannicum)
fackelfibbla		(Hieracium taedum)
spetsfjällig fibbla	(Hieracium tanyglochin)
långfibbla		(Hieracium tenebricosum)
-			(Hieracium tenuidens)
-			(Hieracium tephrinoides)
-			(Hieracium tephrinum)
-			(Hieracium thegaleum)
-			(Hieracium tholerotrichum)
svärdfibbla		(Hieracium thysanotum)
rödtoppad fibbla	(Hieracium tincticuspis)
rödnervig fibbla	(Hieracium tinctinervum)
vridfibbla		(Hieracium torticeps)
transtrandsfibbla	(Hieracium transtrandense)
triangelfibbla		(Hieracium triangulare)
hårlös triangelfibbla	(Hieracium triangulariforme)
-			(Hieracium tripes)
-			(Hieracium tristiceps)
trumpetfibbla		(Hieracium tubaticeps)
tunafibbla		(Hieracium tunense)
-			(Hieracium tytthopogon)
-			(Hieracium ulotrichum)
kandelaberfibbla	(Hieracium umbelliferum)
-			(Hieracium umbricoliforme)
nordlig veckfibbla	(Hieracium uncosum)
stubbfibbla		(Hieracium unctiusculum)
-			(Hieracium undulidens)
-			(Hieracium unguiculatum)
-			(Hieracium unguiferum)
-			(Hieracium urolepium)
-			(Hieracium usticollum)
-			(Hieracium valdeplicatum)
starkfibbla		(Hieracium valentius)
-			(Hieracium valgescens)
lövåsfibbla		(Hieracium valgidentatum)
kameleontfibbla		(Hieracium variicolor)
-			(Hieracium variiglandulum)
ljus veckfibbla		(Hieracium venetifolium)
flaggfibbla		(Hieracium vexillatum)
kraftfibbla		(Hieracium viriatum)
-			(Hieracium viridicaniceps)
-			(Hieracium vitreicuspis)
-			(Hieracium vittatulum)
-			(Hieracium wendelianum)
-			(Hieracium xenophytum)
-			(Hieracium yxnerumense)
-			(Hieracium zygophorum)
klippfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Oreadea)
hammarfibbla		(Hieracium crinellum)
havsfibbla		(Hieracium marinum)
kejsarfibbla		(Hieracium eulasium)
sjuhallafibbla		(Hieracium extensum)
furstefibbla		(Hieracium praecellans)
glatt klippfibbla	(Hieracium anodon)
fläckig klippfibbla	(Hieracium erythropoecilum)
borstig klippfibbla	(Hieracium extensiforme)
sabelfibbla		(Hieracium falcifolium)
grov klippfibbla	(Hieracium gigantocybe)
guldbergsfibbla		(Hieracium guldbergense)
hurtfibbla		(Hieracium hilare)
bred klippfibbla	(Hieracium latifrons)
smal klippfibbla	(Hieracium lindebergii)
vasstandad gnejsfibbla	(Hieracium lythrodes)
uppländsk klippfibbla	(Hieracium oreades)
flikig klippfibbla	(Hieracium saxifragum)
svanlundsfibbla		(Hieracium svanlundii)
victoriafibbla		(Hieracium victoriae)
åsnefibbla		(Hieracium onosmoides)
getfibbla		(Hieracium pseudonosmoides)
slankfibbla		(Hieracium dilutifrons)
västkustfibbla		(Hieracium norvegicum)
ängelsbergsfibbla	(Hieracium oxymorphum)
ostkustfibbla		(Hieracium rufescens)
tvåtandad fibbla	(Hieracium diodontum)
hallonfibbla		(Hieracium hispidosum)
kronfibbla		(Hieracium lecanodes)
-			(Hieracium sect. Picroidea)
sallatsfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Prenanthoidea)
-			(Hieracium achnoodes)
-			(Hieracium amblycentrum)
-			(Hieracium anomodontum)
-			(Hieracium basileion)
-			(Hieracium cladodes)
-			(Hieracium elatiforme)
-			(Hieracium furvescens)
-			(Hieracium gemelliceps)
-			(Hieracium hirticaule)
-			(Hieracium hirtifrons)
-			(Hieracium hospitans)
-			(Hieracium librocephaloides)
-			(Hieracium librocephalum)
-			(Hieracium linsellense)
-			(Hieracium microcybe)
-			(Hieracium prasinochromum)
-			(Hieracium psilocaulon)
-			(Hieracium rariflorum)
-			(Hieracium spiculatum)
-			(Hieracium subelatum)
-			(Hieracium sulphuratum)
-			(Hieracium thulense)
glattfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Pulmonarioidea)
-			(Hieracium depilatiforme)
glattfibbla		(Hieracium depilatum)
-			(Hieracium dovrensifolium)
-			(Hieracium linophyton)
-			(Hieracium stellans)
savojfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Sabauda)
-			(Hieracium nemorivagum)
-			(Hieracium sabaudum)
-			(Hieracium virgultorum)
svartfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Subalpina)
styvfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Tridentata)
-			(Hieracium acrifoliiforme)
-			(Hieracium acrifolium)
-			(Hieracium acropsilon)
-			(Hieracium acutissimum)
-			(Hieracium aepolonchum)
-			(Hieracium albicollum)
-			(Hieracium aleiatolepium)
-			(Hieracium allubescens)
-			(Hieracium amnoocranum)
-			(Hieracium anatonum)
-			(Hieracium angermannicum)
-			(Hieracium anthracinum)
jokkmokksfibbla		(Hieracium atrichopodum)
-			(Hieracium atrohyalinum)
-			(Hieracium aureum)
-			(Hieracium avae)
bertilssonfibbla	(Hieracium bertilssonii)
-			(Hieracium blekingense)
-			(Hieracium cacuminiustum)
ljungfibbla		(Hieracium callunetorum)
-			(Hieracium canistrale)
-			(Hieracium casciceps)
-			(Hieracium coalitum)
-			(Hieracium colpophylloides)
-			(Hieracium colpophyllum)
-			(Hieracium confertum)
-			(Hieracium contrarium)
-			(Hieracium cornescens)
-			(Hieracium craterodon)
-			(Hieracium creperiforme)
-			(Hieracium creperum)
prickfibbla		(Hieracium crepidioides)
-			(Hieracium crispicans)
tjärfläcksfibbla	(Hieracium cruentiferum)
-			(Hieracium cumulaticeps)
-			(Hieracium daedalocephalum)
-			(Hieracium daedalum)
-			(Hieracium dasytrachelum)
-			(Hieracium devestitum)
-			(Hieracium diaphanomorphum)
-			(Hieracium diminutiforme)
-			(Hieracium dimistum)
-			(Hieracium distubellatum)
stilettfibbla		(Hieracium dolabratum)
-			(Hieracium epacrum)
-			(Hieracium erectiramum)
-			(Hieracium eriphyllum)
-			(Hieracium eupristum)
-			(Hieracium exaequans)
-			(Hieracium exporrectum)
farumfibbla		(Hieracium farumense)
-			(Hieracium flavistylum)
-			(Hieracium friesii)
-			(Hieracium froedingii)
-			(Hieracium gardsbyense)
-			(Hieracium gothicianfractum)
-			(Hieracium gothiciforme)
-			(Hieracium gothicum)
-			(Hieracium grandescens)
-			(Hieracium griseellum)
-			(Hieracium haeverense)
-			(Hieracium heterodontum)
-			(Hieracium hogdalense)
-			(Hieracium homalodermum)
-			(Hieracium induticeps)
-			(Hieracium irrugans)
-			(Hieracium jutlandicum)
-			(Hieracium laestadianum)
-			(Hieracium lapponicum)
brämfibbla		(Hieracium laterale)
-			(Hieracium latilineatum)
linjefibbla		(Hieracium lineatum)
-			(Hieracium lineolatum)
-			(Hieracium linifolium)
-			(Hieracium listrotum)
-			(Hieracium longidentatum)
-			(Hieracium macrotonoides)
-			(Hieracium macrotonum)
-			(Hieracium majorinum)
-			(Hieracium mallocaulon)
-			(Hieracium melinostylum)
-			(Hieracium micanticeps)
-			(Hieracium micosiforme)
-			(Hieracium micosum)
-			(Hieracium molestatum)
-			(Hieracium multidens)
-			(Hieracium neolygodes)
-			(Hieracium nericiense)
-			(Hieracium nigelliceps)
-			(Hieracium nigrocreperum)
-			(Hieracium nimbosum)
-			(Hieracium nudicollum)
-			(Hieracium obatrescens)
-			(Hieracium obtusulum)
-			(Hieracium orariifolium)
-			(Hieracium orariiforme)
-			(Hieracium orbolense)
-			(Hieracium pachycybe)
-			(Hieracium pachytrachelum)
-			(Hieracium pardalinum)
-			(Hieracium patagiarium)
-			(Hieracium perangustum)
-			(Hieracium perlatescens)
-			(Hieracium perlongum)
pirayafibbla		(Hieracium piranhae)
-			(Hieracium placerophyllum)
-			(Hieracium placolepis)
-			(Hieracium poliocarenum)
-			(Hieracium poliocranum)
-			(Hieracium poliothapsinum)
-			(Hieracium praeacutum)
-			(Hieracium productum)
-			(Hieracium protenozum)
-			(Hieracium protractidens)
beckfibbla		(Hieracium pyrrhocranum)
-			(Hieracium quasilliferum)
-			(Hieracium radians)
-			(Hieracium rectiforme)
-			(Hieracium retectum)
-			(Hieracium rigentipilosum)
-			(Hieracium rigescens)
-			(Hieracium rigescoides)
-			(Hieracium rigidum)
-			(Hieracium roboratum)
-			(Hieracium ruberulum)
-			(Hieracium scabrescens)
-			(Hieracium semiglobosum)
-			(Hieracium solocinum)
-			(Hieracium sparsifolium)
-			(Hieracium sparsifolium var. suppansum)
-			(Hieracium spilotum)
-			(Hieracium spinophytum)
-			(Hieracium spissidens)
-			(Hieracium spurcaticeps)
-			(Hieracium stenosemum)
-			(Hieracium subcaesariatum)
-			(Hieracium subcapillatum)
-			(Hieracium subconspersum)
-			(Hieracium subintegrum)
-			(Hieracium sublineolatum)
-			(Hieracium subpardalinum)
-			(Hieracium subpatagiarium)
-			(Hieracium subrigidum)
-			(Hieracium subscabrescens)
spärrfibbla		(Hieracium substricticaule)
-			(Hieracium subulosifrons)
-			(Hieracium subvulgatum)
-			(Hieracium svegense)
-			(Hieracium tanylobum)
-			(Hieracium tenuiramum)
-			(Hieracium theodori)
-			(Hieracium tortifrons)
-			(Hieracium trichocauloides)
-			(Hieracium trichocaulon)
-			(Hieracium tridentatum)
-			(Hieracium umbellatiforme)
-			(Hieracium vaerendicum)
-			(Hieracium vermlandicum)
-			(Hieracium vestmannicum)
Wolfs fibbla		(Hieracium wolfii)
-			(Hieracium xanthochlorum)
-			(Hieracium xanthophytum)
-			(Hieracium xestocarenum)
ullfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Villosa)
-			(Hieracium speciosum)
hagfibblor		(Hieracium sect. Vulgata)
-			(Hieracium abradenium)
syltandad fibbla	(Hieracium acidodontum)
-			(Hieracium acriserratum)
kristfibbla		(Hieracium acrochristum)
randfibbla		(Hieracium acroleucum)
roslagsfibbla		(Hieracium acutellum)
östgötafibbla		(Hieracium adampliatum)
vistfibbla		(Hieracium adiposum)
-			(Hieracium adlerzii)
gytterfibbla		(Hieracium adunans)
-			(Hieracium adventicium)
-			(Hieracium ahlfvengrenii)
vitfibbla		(Hieracium albatipes)
violfibbla		(Hieracium almquistianum)
slarvfibbla		(Hieracium amorphophyllum)
-			(Hieracium amphicentrum)
anderssonfibbla		(Hieracium anderssonii)
nordlig tandfibbla	(Hieracium anfracticeps)
tandfibbla		(Hieracium anfractum)
-			(Hieracium angricum)
arnoldfibbla		(Hieracium arnoldii)
sturskfibbla		(Hieracium arrogans)
-			(Hieracium atrocaeruleum)
glansfibbla		(Hieracium atronitens)
lindfibbla		(Hieracium austriniforme)
sydfibbla		(Hieracium austrinum)
-			(Hieracium automorphum)
-			(Hieracium badiicolor)
vassfibbla		(Hieracium barbareifolium)
elefantfibbla		(Hieracium barrimum)
-			(Hieracium basicinereum)
-			(Hieracium basigriseum)
piggfibbla		(Hieracium basiserratum)
bogefibbla		(Hieracium bogense)
uddfibbla		(Hieracium cacuminatum)
högakustenfibbla	(Hieracium caesiopellitum)
finsk vägfibbla		(Hieracium caespiticola)
krokfibbla		(Hieracium campylodon)
-			(Hieracium canoviridiceps)
-			(Hieracium canovittatum)
-			(Hieracium capituliferum)
brättesfibbla		(Hieracium causiatum)
skarpfibbla		(Hieracium ceramotum)
-			(Hieracium chauliodon)
grönholkig fibbla	(Hieracium chloocranum)
narrklibbfibbla		(Hieracium chlorodes)
-			(Hieracium chloroleucum)
-			(Hieracium chroocentrum)
kycklingfibbla		(Hieracium chrysophorum)
krysoprasfibbla		(Hieracium chrysoprasium)
ljus violfibbla		(Hieracium complexum)
-			(Hieracium concinnatum)
-			(Hieracium concretum)
-			(Hieracium confragifolium)
kottefibbla		(Hieracium coniceps)
-			(Hieracium conspectum)
bred rufsfibbla		(Hieracium constringens)
-			(Hieracium constringens var. constringens)
-			(Hieracium constringens var. malmeanum)
ålandsfibbla		(Hieracium continuum)
skinnfibbla		(Hieracium coriarium)
gräddfibbla		(Hieracium cremiceps)
blodfibbla		(Hieracium cruentifolium)
-			(Hieracium ctenophyllum)
senfibbla		(Hieracium cunctans)
kilfibbla		(Hieracium cuneolatum)
-			(Hieracium cuspididentatum)
vängefibbla		(Hieracium daedalolepium)
-			(Hieracium dahlstedtii)
dalfibbla		(Hieracium dalicum)
välenfibbla		(Hieracium denigrans)
-			(Hieracium deplumatum)
klibbfibbla		(Hieracium diaphanoides)
-			(Hieracium diaphanum)
flugfibbla		(Hieracium dipterum)
hundfibbla		(Hieracium dissimile)
dolkfibbla		(Hieracium dissomorphum)
drasutfibbla		(Hieracium dolichorhachis)
-			(Hieracium drimyodon)
-			(Hieracium duplicatum)
smal gnejsfibbla	(Hieracium elongatifrons)
blygfibbla		(Hieracium erithallum)
-			(Hieracium eubalium)
spräckelfibbla		(Hieracium eustictum)
-			(Hieracium exsulans)
-			(Hieracium externum)
grov taigafibbla	(Hieracium farreaticeps)
luddig gnejsfibbla	(Hieracium fasciculare)
femsjöfibbla		(Hieracium femsioënse)
-			(Hieracium fuliginellum)
-			(Hieracium fuscoviolare)
-			(Hieracium gelatum)
-			(Hieracium glaucellum)
-			(Hieracium greisdalense)
-			(Hieracium guilielmi)
spetsfjällig glandelfibbla (Hieracium hemidiaphanum)
franskartfibbla		(Hieracium hemimaculatum)
blek leverfibbla	(Hieracium hepaticiforme)
leverfibbla		(Hieracium hepaticum)
strävfibbla		(Hieracium hispidiceps)
lökfibbla		(Hieracium hypoprasinum)
svartsjöfibbla		(Hieracium hypselophyes)
idrefibbla		(Hieracium idrense)
järpfibbla		(Hieracium imbricatiforme)
rundfjällig rufsfibbla	(Hieracium imbricatum)
villandsfibbla		(Hieracium impressiforme)
grå backfibbla		(Hieracium incurrens)
sotfibbla		(Hieracium infumatum)
-			(Hieracium inquilinum)
-			(Hieracium insertum)
charlottenborgsfibbla	(Hieracium interveniens)
rännfibbla		(Hieracium involutum)
blekingefibbla		(Hieracium irriguiforme)
ullaredsfibbla		(Hieracium isonomoum)
järedafibbla		(Hieracium jaeredense)
-			(Hieracium kebnekaisense)
finsk stänkfibbla	(Hieracium kemiticum)
köpingfibbla		(Hieracium koepingense)
vänfibbla		(Hieracium laetifolium)
-			(Hieracium lecithodes)
slätfibbla		(Hieracium leiocranum)
bärnstensfibbla		(Hieracium lepidiceps)
smal rödbetsfibbla	(Hieracium lepidiforme)
gnejsfibbla		(Hieracium lepidotum)
rödbetsfibbla		(Hieracium lepidulum)
finstrimmig fibbla	(Hieracium leptogrammum)
åsbofibbla		(Hieracium leucodaedalum)
bukettfibbla		(Hieracium leucotrachelum)
backfibbla		(Hieracium linguiforme)
-			(Hieracium longidens)
långlobsfibbla		(Hieracium longilobum)
snärtfibbla		(Hieracium loriferum)
ludvikafibbla		(Hieracium ludoviciense)
lübecksfibbla		(Hieracium luebeckii)
sorgfibbla		(Hieracium lugubre)
-			(Hieracium maciatum)
hög randfibbla		(Hieracium macrocentrum)
hårig kartfibbla	(Hieracium maculato-ornatum)
-			(Hieracium maculatum)
-			(Hieracium maculiferum)
kalspetsfibbla		(Hieracium madarodes)
-			(Hieracium malacophyllum)
-			(Hieracium marifugum)
vålåsfibbla		(Hieracium mataeum)
falkfibbla		(Hieracium megalodon)
stor hagfibbla		(Hieracium megavulgatum)
-			(Hieracium mesopoliotrichum)
bläckfibbla		(Hieracium microcymon)
lappmarksfibbla		(Hieracium minuriens)
mångkorgig rufsfibbla	(Hieracium multiceps)
fläckig vägfibbla	(Hieracium naevosiforme)
skimmelfibbla		(Hieracium naevosum)
pinnfibbla		(Hieracium neopinnatifidum)
-			(Hieracium nordstroemii)
panelfibbla		(Hieracium oblaqueatum)
mörkbladig fibbla	(Hieracium obrigens)
östmanfibbla		(Hieracium oestmanii)
sveafibbla		(Hieracium oinopolepis)
-			(Hieracium oleosum)
fläckig klibbfibbla	(Hieracium oletatum)
-			(Hieracium oligophyllum)
-			(Hieracium oligostictum)
njurundafibbla		(Hieracium olliceps)
fjällrufsfibbla		(Hieracium opochloroides)
trubbfibbla		(Hieracium opochlorum)
-			(Hieracium orarium)
hårig smyckefibbla	(Hieracium ornatiforme)
smyckefibbla		(Hieracium ornatum)
-			(Hieracium orphnocephalum)
orsafibbla		(Hieracium orsense)
rodnande fibbla		(Hieracium orthocolon)
ljus klibbfibbla	(Hieracium paeminosum)
aspelandsfibbla		(Hieracium paralium)
-			(Hieracium paurophyllum)
-			(Hieracium pertinacifolium)
liten klapperfibbla	(Hieracium pexum)
vippfibbla		(Hieracium phaedrophyllum)
-			(Hieracium phaeodermum)
hög klibbfibbla		(Hieracium phaeopsis)
hårfibbla		(Hieracium phaliotrichum)
vingfibbla		(Hieracium pholidotum)
hetserydsfibbla		(Hieracium phrygionium)
rufsfibbla		(Hieracium plicatum)
-			(Hieracium poecilodermum)
filtfibbla		(Hieracium poliaenum)
-			(Hieracium poliotrachelum)
-			(Hieracium polystilbum)
-			(Hieracium praefarinosum)
korthårig fibbla	(Hieracium praepilulatum)
silkesfibbla		(Hieracium praeviride)
-			(Hieracium prasiophyllum)
hajfibbla		(Hieracium pristophyllum)
uddtandad klibbfibbla	(Hieracium progrediens)
väskindefibbla		(Hieracium prolatatum)
oskarshamnsfibbla	(Hieracium prolatescens)
värmdöfibbla		(Hieracium prolinguatum)
glandelfibbla		(Hieracium pseudodiaphanum)
nordlig rännfibbla	(Hieracium pseudoinvolutum)
hög rufsfibbla		(Hieracium pseudoplicatum)
huskvarnafibbla		(Hieracium pubicuspis)
gutefibbla		(Hieracium pumicatifolium)
bred guldkornsfibbla	(Hieracium punctillaticeps)
guldkornsfibbla		(Hieracium punctillatum)
ragnarfibbla		(Hieracium ragnarii)
nordlig vägfibbla	(Hieracium reclinatiforme)
sköldpaddsfibbla	(Hieracium respondens)
harpunfibbla		(Hieracium resupinatum)
-			(Hieracium retrorsum)
-			(Hieracium retusulum)
rombfibbla		(Hieracium rhomboides)
ödlefibbla		(Hieracium saurotum)
-			(Hieracium schisticolor)
vassfjällig klibbfibbla (Hieracium schlegelii)
flockrufsfibbla		(Hieracium schlyteri)
mörkfibbla		(Hieracium scotocranum)
skytfibbla		(Hieracium scytophyllum)
bodenfibbla		(Hieracium semicanum)
-			(Hieracium semidovrense)
-			(Hieracium semiornatum)
värmländsk violfibbla	(Hieracium separ)
sillrefibbla		(Hieracium sillrense)
föränderlig fibbla	(Hieracium similigerum)
smålandsfibbla		(Hieracium smolandicum)
ydrefibbla		(Hieracium spodoleucum)
-			(Hieracium staticoides)
grovtandad glandelfibbla (Hieracium stenocoloides)
myckelbergsfibbla	(Hieracium stenocolum)
-			(Hieracium stereophyton)
mörk gnejsfibbla	(Hieracium stibeophyllum)
-			(Hieracium stipatiforme)
tätfibbla		(Hieracium stipatum)
säterfibbla		(Hieracium storliense)
-			(Hieracium striatisquameum)
-			(Hieracium strimaënse)
-			(Hieracium subalpestre)
söderhamnsfibbla	(Hieracium subanfractum)
nordfibbla		(Hieracium subarctoum)
trubbfjällig glansfibbla (Hieracium subatronitens)
-			(Hieracium subaustrinum)
-			(Hieracium subedentatum)
-			(Hieracium subglaucellum)
styv glandelfibbla	(Hieracium subglaucovirens)
-			(Hieracium subinquilinum)
strimmig violfibbla	(Hieracium subirriguum)
ljus hundfibbla		(Hieracium sublaeticeps)
-			(Hieracium sublestum)
åbyfibbla		(Hieracium subnitidum)
taigafibbla		(Hieracium subpellucidum)
smal randfibbla		(Hieracium subpilulatum)
smal guldkornsfibbla	(Hieracium subpunctillatum)
-			(Hieracium subpunctilliferum)
småländsk rufsfibbla	(Hieracium subramosum)
-			(Hieracium subsilvaticum)
vägfibbla		(Hieracium subsimile)
hallandsfibbla		(Hieracium subterdentatum)
-			(Hieracium subverniferum)
-			(Hieracium suppressum)
-			(Hieracium suriforme)
-			(Hieracium symmetricum)
bandklibbfibbla		(Hieracium taeniifolium)
tjälderfibbla		(Hieracium tjaelderense)
salemfibbla		(Hieracium toerense)
kalfibbla		(Hieracium trachlosimum)
klen rufsfibbla		(Hieracium trichelliceps)
-			(Hieracium tristicolor)
hagfibbla		(Hieracium triviale)
snurrfibbla		(Hieracium turbiniceps)
-			(Hieracium valdeacutum)
klapperfibbla		(Hieracium variabile)
östergarnsfibbla	(Hieracium varianifolium)
brokfibbla		(Hieracium varianum)
hjärtaredsfibbla	(Hieracium vastulum)
mörk bärnstensfibbla	(Hieracium vietulifolium)
kavelfibbla		(Hieracium volutiferum)
grov rufsfibbla		(Hieracium xanthostylum)
torrfibbla		(Hieracium xerampelinum)
åkerfibbla		(Hypochaeris glabra)
slåtterfibbla		(Hypochaeris maculata)
rotfibbla		(Hypochaeris radicata)
åkerfibbla × rotfibbla	(Hypochaeris glabra × radicata)
luddkrissla		(Inula britannica)
brunkrissla		(Inula conyzae)
svärdkrissla		(Inula ensifolia)
ålandsrot		(Inula helenium)
-			(Inula oculus-christi)
fackelkrissla		(Inula racemosa)
krissla			(Inula salicina)
-			(Inula salicina var. salicina)
-			(Inula salicina var. subhirta)
svärdkrissla × krissla	(Inula ensifolia × salicina)
ringkrage		(Ismelia carinata)
axiva			(Iva annua)
alpstånds		(Jacobaea alpina)
vattenstånds		(Jacobaea aquatica)
-			(Jacobaea aquatica var. aquatica)
-			(Jacobaea aquatica var. erratica)
hampstånds		(Jacobaea cannabifolia)
flikstånds		(Jacobaea erucifolia)
silverek		(Jacobaea maritima)
gullstånds		(Jacobaea paludosa)
-			(Jacobaea subalpina)
stånds			(Jacobaea vulgaris)
knappstånds		(Jacobaea vulgaris ssp. dunensis)
alvarstånds		(Jacobaea vulgaris ssp. gotlandica)
vanlig stånds		(Jacobaea vulgaris ssp. vulgaris)
vattenstånds × stånds	(Jacobaea aquatica var. aquatica × vulgaris)
silverek × stånds	(Jacobaea maritima × vulgaris)
torta			(Lactuca alpina)
= tolta
parksallat		(Lactuca macrophylla)
-			(Lactuca macrophylla ssp. uralensis)
skogssallat		(Lactuca muralis)
fransktorta		(Lactuca plumieri)
karlsösallat		(Lactuca quercina)
uppsalasallat		(Lactuca quercina var. integrifolia)
äkta karlsösallat	(Lactuca quercina var. quercina)
videsallat		(Lactuca saligna)
sallat			(Lactuca sativa)
taggsallat		(Lactuca serriola)
älvsallat		(Lactuca sibirica)
sandsallat		(Lactuca tatarica)
giftsallat		(Lactuca virosa)
harkål			(Lapsana communis)
vanlig harkål		(Lapsana communis ssp. communis)
stor harkål		(Lapsana communis ssp. intermedia)
guldgrävarblomma	(Layia platyglossa)
sommarfibbla		(Leontodon hispidus)
strimfibbla		(Leontodon saxatilis)
-			(Leontopodium nivale)
edelweiss		(Leontopodium nivale ssp. alpinum)
-			(Lepidophorum repandum)
bronskotula		(Leptinella pusilla)
krypkotula		(Leptinella squalida)
oktoberkrage		(Leucanthemella serotina)
-			(Leucanthemum atratum)
-			(Leucanthemum heterophyllum)
jätteprästkrage		(Leucanthemum × superbum)
prästkrage		(Leucanthemum vulgare)
rosenstav		(Liatris spicata)
klippstånds		(Ligularia dentata)
orangestånds		(Ligularia hodgsonii)
spirstånds		(Ligularia przewalskii)
sibirstrånds		(Ligularia sibirica)
mörk gullstav		(Ligularia stenocephala)
stor gullstav		(Ligularia wilsoniana)
spirstånds × mörk gullstav (Ligularia przewalskii × stenocephala)
liten texasstjärna	(Lindheimera texana)
fransk ullört		(Logfia gallica)
spenslig ullört		(Logfia minima)
kransgull		(Lonas annua)
bergmadia		(Madia glomerata)
oljemadia		(Madia sativa)
-			(Mantisalca salmantica)
kamomill		(Matricaria chamomilla)
gatkamomill		(Matricaria discoidea)
pysslingkrage		(Mauranthemum paludosum)
-			(Melampodium longifolium)
litet medaljongblomster (Melampodium montanum)
-			(Micropus supinus)
ulltistel		(Onopordum acanthium)
anatolisk ulltistel	(Onopordum anatolicum)
-			(Onopordum candidum)
grenig ulltistel	(Onopordum illyricum)
klibbig ulltistel	(Onopordum tauricum)
spjutkakalia		(Parasenecio hastatus)
flikpartenium		(Parthenium hysterophorus)
-			(Peripleura scabra)
vitskråp		(Petasites albus)
fjällskråp		(Petasites frigidus)
pestskråp		(Petasites hybridus)
bitterskråp		(Petasites japonicus)
doftskråp		(Petasites pyrenaicus)
spjutskråp		(Petasites spurius)
saltklint		(Phalacrachena inuloides)
-			(Picnomon acarna)
bitterfibbla		(Picris hieracioides)
sprengerfibbla		(Picris rhagadioloides)
rödfibbla/ängsfibbla	(Pilosella aurantiaca)
rödfibbla		(Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. aurantiaca)
vanlig rödfibbla	(Pilosella aurantiaca var. aurantiaca)
eldfibbla		(Pilosella aurantiaca var. blyttiana)
hårig brandfibbla	(Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. decolorans)
ängsfibbla		(Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. dimorpha)
kvastfibbla/blåfibbla	(Pilosella cymosa)
kvastfibbla		(Pilosella cymosa ssp. cymosa)
styvhårig kvastfibbla	(Pilosella cymosa var. cymosa)
mjukhårig kvastfibbla	(Pilosella cymosa var. pubescens)
vätfibbla		(Pilosella cymosa ssp. gottlandica)
äkta vätfibbla		(Pilosella cymosa var. gottlandica)
sydbergsfibbla		(Pilosella cymosa var. parviflora)
blåfibbla		(Pilosella cymosa ssp. praealta)
revig blåfibbla		(Pilosella cymosa var. bauhinii)
äkta blåfibbla		(Pilosella cymosa var. praealta)
stäppfibbla		(Pilosella cymosiformis)
gaffelfibbla		(Pilosella dichotoma)
gisselfibbla		(Pilosella flagellaris)
tyskfibbla		(Pilosella floribunda)
revfibbla		(Pilosella lactucella)
gråfibbla		(Pilosella officinarum)
vanlig gråfibbla	(Pilosella officinarum ssp. officinarum)
mattfibbla		(Pilosella officinarum ssp. peleteriana)
grusfibbla		(Pilosella × piloselliflora)
grå kvastfibbla		(Pilosella × polioderma)
glatt brandfibbla	(Pilosella pseudoblyttii)
nordlig kvastfibbla	(Pilosella × scandinavica)
nickfibbla		(Pilosella sphaerocephala)
svenskfibbla		(Pilosella suecica)
bottnisk kvastfibbla	(Pilosella transbotnica)
rödfibbla × svenskfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca × suecica)
rödfibbla × revfibbla	(Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. aurantiaca × lactucella)
rödfibbla × vanlig gråfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. aurantiaca × officinarum ssp. officinarum)
hårig brandfibbla × kvastfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. decolorans × cymosa ssp. cymosa)
hårig brandfibbla × nickfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. decolorans × sphaerocephala)
hårig brandfibbla × svenskfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. decolorans × suecica)
ängsfibbla × kvastfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. dimorpha × cymosa ssp. cymosa)
ängsfibbla × vanlig gråfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. dimorpha × officinarum ssp. officinarum)
ängsfibbla × mattfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. dimorpha × officinarum ssp. peleteriana)
ängsfibbla × svenskfibbla (Pilosella aurantiaca ssp. dimorpha × suecica)
kvastfibbla/blåfibbla × gaffelfibbla (Pilosella cymosa × dichotoma)
kvastfibbla/blåfibbla × revfibbla (Pilosella cymosa × lactucella)
kvastfibbla/blåfibbla × gråfibbla (Pilosella cymosa × officinarum)
kvastfibbla × revfibbla (Pilosella cymosa ssp. cymosa × lactucella)
kvastfibbla × gråfibbla (Pilosella cymosa ssp. cymosa × officinarum)
kvastfibbla × svenskfibbla (Pilosella cymosa ssp. cymosa × suecica)
kvastfibbla × vanlig gråfibbla (Pilosella cymosa ssp. cymosa × officinarum ssp. officinarum)
kvastfibbla × mattfibbla (Pilosella cymosa ssp. cymosa × officinarum ssp. peleteriana)
vätfibbla × revfibbla	(Pilosella cymosa ssp. gottlandica × lactucella)
vätfibbla × mattfibbla	(Pilosella cymosa ssp. gottlandica × officinarum ssp. peleteriana)
blåfibbla × revfibbla	(Pilosella cymosa ssp. praealta × lactucella)
blåfibbla × svenskfibbla (Pilosella cymosa ssp. praealta × suecica)
gaffelfibbla × revfibbla (Pilosella dichotoma × lactucella)
gaffelfibbla × gråfibbla (Pilosella dichotoma × officinarum)
gaffelfibbla × vanlig gråfibbla (Pilosella dichotoma × officinarum ssp. officinarum)
gaffelfibbla × mattfibbla (Pilosella dichotoma × officinarum ssp. peleteriana)
revfibbla × gråfibbla	(Pilosella lactucella × officinarum)
revfibbla × vanlig gråfibbla (Pilosella lactucella × officinarum ssp. officinarum)
revfibbla × mattfibbla	(Pilosella lactucella × officinarum ssp. peleteriana)
revfibbla × nordlig kvastfibbla (Pilosella lactucella × scandinavica)
revfibbla × svenskfibbla (Pilosella lactucella × suecica)
gråfibbla × svenskfibbla (Pilosella officinarum × suecica)
rödsallat		(Prenanthes purpurea)
strävklint		(Psephellus dealbatus)
vitnoppa		(Pseudognaphalium luteoalbum)
elfenbenstistel		(Ptilostemon afer)
-			(Pulicaria arabica)
strandloppört		(Pulicaria dysenterica)
loppört			(Pulicaria vulgaris)
mexikohatt		(Ratibida columnifera)
stor mexikohatt		(Ratibida pinnata)
-			(Ratibida tagetes)
bittersallat		(Reichardia picroides)
stjärnfibbla		(Rhagadiolus stellatus)
hinnklint		(Rhaponticum repens)
roseneternell		(Rhodanthe chlorocephala)
guldeternell		(Rhodanthe humboldtiana)
sideneternell		(Rhodanthe manglesii)
draköga			(Rudbeckia amplexicaulis)
praktrudbeckia		(Rudbeckia fulgida)
-			(Rudbeckia fulgida var. fulgida)
-			(Rudbeckia fulgida var. speciosa)
sträv rudbeckia		(Rudbeckia hirta)
vallrudbeckia		(Rudbeckia hirta var. hirta)
sommarrudbeckia		(Rudbeckia hirta var. pulcherrima)
höstrudbeckia		(Rudbeckia laciniata)
grå helgonört		(Santolina chamaecyparissus)
husarknappar		(Sanvitalia procumbens)
fjällskära		(Saussurea alpina)
dvärgsammetsblomster	(Schkuhria pinnata)
spansk taggfibbla	(Scolymus hispanicus)
taggfibbla		(Scolymus maculatus)
svartrot		(Scorzonera hispanica)
-			(Scorzonera hispida)
svinrot			(Scorzonera humilis)
höstfibbla		(Scorzoneroides autumnalis)
vanlig höstfibbla	(Scorzoneroides autumnalis var. autumnalis)
gulbrun höstfibbla	(Scorzoneroides autumnalis var. keretinus)
svart höstfibbla	(Scorzoneroides autumnalis var. pratensis)
= mörk höstfibbla
kal höstfibbla		(Scorzoneroides autumnalis var. salina)
kinakorsört		(Senecio dubitabilis)
-			(Senecio eremophilus)
-			(Senecio gallicus)
pampasstånds		(Senecio grisebachii)
boerstånds		(Senecio inaequidens)
kängurustånds		(Senecio lautus)
-			(Senecio leucanthemifolius)
-			(Senecio leucanthemifolius ssp. leucanthemifolius)
vårkorsört		(Senecio leucanthemifolius ssp. vernalis)
-			(Senecio lividus)
glesstånds		(Senecio ovatus)
ishavskorsört		(Senecio pseudoarnica)
-			(Senecio quadridentatus)
parkstånds		(Senecio sarracenicus)
stenkorsört		(Senecio squalidus)
bergkorsört		(Senecio sylvaticus)
kanariekorsört		(Senecio teneriffae)
klibbkorsört		(Senecio viscosus)
korsört			(Senecio vulgaris)
strandkorsört		(Senecio vulgaris var. denticulatus)
strålkorsört		(Senecio vulgaris var. hibernicus)
vanlig korsört		(Senecio vulgaris var. vulgaris)
vårkorsört × korsört	(Senecio leucanthemifolius ssp. vernalis × vulgaris)
stenkorsört × klibbkorsört (Senecio squalidus × viscosus)
stenkorsört × korsört	(Senecio squalidus × vulgaris)
bergkorsört × klibbkorsört (Senecio sylvaticus × viscosus)
bergkorsört × korsört	(Senecio sylvaticus × vulgaris)
klibbkorsört × korsört	(Senecio viscosus × vulgaris)
ängsskära		(Serratula tinctoria)
-			(Sigesbeckia flosculosa)
asiatisk klibbstjärna	(Sigesbeckia orientalis)
klibbstjärna		(Sigesbeckia serrata)
skålört			(Silphium perfoliatum)
mariatistel		(Silybum marianum)
gullvippa		(Sinacalia tangutica)
jättegullris		(Solidago altissima)
kanadensiskt gullris	(Solidago canadensis)
= kanadagullris
höstgullris		(Solidago gigantea)
-			(Solidago gigantea ssp. serotina)
-			(Solidago nemoralis)
plymgullris		(Solidago rugosa)
gullris			(Solidago virgaurea)
lappgullris		(Solidago virgaurea ssp. lapponica)
vanligt gullris		(Solidago virgaurea ssp. virgaurea)
kanadensiskt gullris × höstgullris (Solidago canadensis × gigantea)
kanadensiskt gullris × gullris (Solidago canadensis × virgaurea)
höstgullris × gullris	(Solidago gigantea × virgaurea)
spjutkotula		(Soliva sessilis)
strimkotula		(Soliva stolonifera)
åkermolke		(Sonchus arvensis)
= fettistel
vanlig åkermolke	(Sonchus arvensis var. arvensis)
kalmolke		(Sonchus arvensis var. glabrescens)
klappermolke		(Sonchus arvensis var. maritimus)
svinmolke		(Sonchus asper)
vanlig svinmolke	(Sonchus asper ssp. asper)
lädermolke		(Sonchus asper ssp. glaucescens)
-			(Sonchus maritimus)
kålmolke		(Sonchus oleraceus)
strandmolke		(Sonchus palustris)
klippmolke		(Sonchus tenerrimus)
åkermolke × strandmolke (Sonchus arvensis × palustris)
svinmolke × kålmolke	(Sonchus asper × oleraceus)
ampelkrage		(Sphagneticola trilobata)
hjärtaster		(Symphyotrichum cordifolium)
ljungaster		(Symphyotrichum ericoides)
daggaster		(Symphyotrichum laeve)
lansettaster		(Symphyotrichum lanceolatum)
luktaster		(Symphyotrichum novae-angliae)
höstaster		(Symphyotrichum novi-belgii)
-			(Symphyotrichum parviflorum)
torpaster		(Symphyotrichum patulum)
filtaster		(Symphyotrichum pilosum)
-			(Symphyotrichum pilosum var. pringlei)
videaster		(Symphyotrichum × salignum)
-			(Symphyotrichum shortii)
-			(Symphyotrichum squamatum)
-			(Symphyotrichum tradescantii)
brokaster		(Symphyotrichum × versicolor)
stort sammetsblomster	(Tagetes erecta)
stinktagetes		(Tagetes minuta)
sammetsblomster		(Tagetes patula)
litet sammetsblomster	(Tagetes tenuifolia)
balsamblad		(Tanacetum balsamita)
dalmatinerkrage		(Tanacetum cinerariifolium)
rosenkrage		(Tanacetum coccineum)
renfanekrage		(Tanacetum corymbosum)
röllikekrage		(Tanacetum macrophyllum)
mattram			(Tanacetum parthenium)
renfana			(Tanacetum vulgare)
ishavsmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Arctica)
arktisk maskros		(Taraxacum arcticum)
dovremaskros		(Taraxacum dovrense)
alpmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Alpestria)
-			(Taraxacum samuelssonii)
nordmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Borea)
rombmaskros		(Taraxacum acutidens)
snytmaskros		(Taraxacum apicatum)
kolmaskros		(Taraxacum atricapillum)
toppmaskros		(Taraxacum biformatum)
enaremaskros		(Taraxacum boreiforme)
taigamaskros		(Taraxacum boreum)
fagermaskros		(Taraxacum brachycephalum)
tuvmaskros		(Taraxacum caespitans)
sorgmaskros		(Taraxacum canaliculatum)
harpunmaskros		(Taraxacum canorubens)
enfärgad maskros	(Taraxacum concolor)
mörk maskros		(Taraxacum cuspidatum)
estlandsmaskros		(Taraxacum cuspidifrons)
Debrays maskros		(Taraxacum debrayi)
mjukmaskros		(Taraxacum distantilobum)
spinkmaskros		(Taraxacum expandens)
gaddmaskros		(Taraxacum explicatum)
funäsdalsmaskros	(Taraxacum finitimum)
strutmaskros		(Taraxacum grammolepis)
droppmaskros		(Taraxacum guttulatum)
Holmgrens maskros	(Taraxacum holmgrenii)
vän maskros		(Taraxacum humile)
parvelmaskros		(Taraxacum laceratum)
liten kärrmaskros	(Taraxacum litorale)
lojomaskros		(Taraxacum lojoënse)
-			(Taraxacum lojoense coll.)
värmlandsmaskros	(Taraxacum maurum)
stegmaskros		(Taraxacum melanostigma)
dunmaskros		(Taraxacum mucronatum)
taggmaskros		(Taraxacum obnuptum)
Ostenfelds maskros	(Taraxacum ostenfeldii)
krummaskros		(Taraxacum oxylobium)
borstmaskros		(Taraxacum pallidulum)
penselmaskros		(Taraxacum penicilliforme)
anjalamaskros		(Taraxacum pleniceps)
bullmaskros		(Taraxacum poecilostictum)
vårmaskros		(Taraxacum praecox)
lökgrön maskros		(Taraxacum prasinescens)
dystermaskros		(Taraxacum pullum)
gluggmaskros		(Taraxacum remotilobum)
revalmaskros		(Taraxacum revalense)
sätermaskros		(Taraxacum rhodolepis)
långtoppig maskros	(Taraxacum rhusiolepium)
auroramaskros		(Taraxacum rubidipes)
tät triangelmaskros	(Taraxacum scalare)
nordmaskros		(Taraxacum septentrionale)
stänkmaskros		(Taraxacum spilophylloides)
nålmaskros		(Taraxacum spilophyllum)
Steenhoffs maskros	(Taraxacum steenhoffianum)
filtmaskros		(Taraxacum subintegrum)
grå penselmaskros	(Taraxacum subpenicilliforme)
igelkottmaskros		(Taraxacum subspilophyllum)
triangelmaskros		(Taraxacum triangulare)
nagelmaskros		(Taraxacum unguiferum)
grönmaskros		(Taraxacum virellum)
hornmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Borealia)
vågåmaskros		(Taraxacum aleurodes)
-			(Taraxacum brachyceras)
hornmaskros		(Taraxacum cornutum)
praktmaskros		(Taraxacum hjeltii)
svartstiftsmaskros	(Taraxacum melanostylum)
finnmarksmaskros	(Taraxacum norvegicum)
rosettmaskros		(Taraxacum simulum)
lapplandsmaskros	(Taraxacum tornense)
norrlandsmaskrosor	(Taraxacum sect. Boreigena)
guldstiftsmaskros	(Taraxacum chrysostylum)
spiralmaskros		(Taraxacum cochleatum)
tjockmaskros		(Taraxacum crassipes)
skarpmaskros		(Taraxacum extensum)
hjälmmaskros		(Taraxacum galeatum)
lurvmaskros		(Taraxacum hirtellum)
frösömaskros		(Taraxacum jemtlandicum)
kuusamomaskros		(Taraxacum kuusamoënse)
lansettmaskros		(Taraxacum macrocentrum)
-			(Taraxacum magnifoliumined)
mattgrön maskros	(Taraxacum opacum)
-			(Taraxacum perattenuatum)
skalmaskros		(Taraxacum pholidocarpum)
gulbrokig maskros	(Taraxacum polyxanthum)
hammerdalsmaskros	(Taraxacum recurvidens)
randmaskros		(Taraxacum rubrolineatum)
säckmaskros		(Taraxacum scotodes)
spärrmaskros		(Taraxacum squarrosum)
norrlandsmaskros	(Taraxacum subhirtellum)
alnömaskros		(Taraxacum subopacum)
-			(Taraxacum trichophyllum)
pickelmaskros		(Taraxacum vestrobottnicum)
kärrmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Celtica)
-			(Taraxacum adamii)
tåtmaskros		(Taraxacum bracteatum)
svarttandad maskros	(Taraxacum duplidentifrons)
Gelerts maskros		(Taraxacum gelertii)
Nordstedts maskros	(Taraxacum nordstedtii)
= nordstedts maskros
Piets maskros		(Taraxacum pietii-oosterveldii)
gotlandsmaskros		(Taraxacum polium)
nabbmaskros		(Taraxacum prionum)
-			(Taraxacum unguilobum)
fjällmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Crocea)
böjmaskros		(Taraxacum adpressiforme)
ripmaskros		(Taraxacum aetheocranum)
lång fjällmaskros	(Taraxacum anomum)
järämäpalomaskros	(Taraxacum aquaphilum)
samemaskros		(Taraxacum assimulans)
linjalmaskros		(Taraxacum barycephalum)
membranmaskros		(Taraxacum boreicedens)
thulemaskros		(Taraxacum boreicola)
mörk fjällmaskros	(Taraxacum brachyoncum)
lämmelmaskros		(Taraxacum campylodes)
starrmaskros		(Taraxacum cariciphilum)
tömmaskros		(Taraxacum caudiferum)
snömaskros		(Taraxacum ceratolobum)
konkavmaskros		(Taraxacum concaviformatum)
fjällmaskros		(Taraxacum croceum)
enontekismaskros	(Taraxacum enontekiense)
kochenillmaskros	(Taraxacum erythropodum)
brantmaskros		(Taraxacum extensifrons)
blågrön fjällmaskros	(Taraxacum hamosum)
lobmaskros		(Taraxacum lobulatum)
-			(Taraxacum longisagittatum)
Lundevalls maskros	(Taraxacum lundevallii)
glimmermaskros		(Taraxacum nitens)
rödtandad fjällmaskros	(Taraxacum oreinopsis)
högnordisk fjällmaskros (Taraxacum oreinum)
kallmaskros		(Taraxacum propinquum)
ljus fjällmaskros	(Taraxacum radiosum)
Ragnar Bäcks maskros	(Taraxacum ragnar-baeckii)
renmaskros		(Taraxacum rangiferinum)
rostmaskros		(Taraxacum repletum)
härjedalsmaskros	(Taraxacum rubiginosum)
-			(Taraxacum rufescens)
-			(Taraxacum sagittifolium)
lappmaskros		(Taraxacum samicum)
Selanders maskros	(Taraxacum selanderi)
saana-maskros		(Taraxacum simplicifolium)
gäddmaskros		(Taraxacum stenanthum)
trubbspetsad fjällmaskros (Taraxacum submuticum)
finsk fjällmaskros	(Taraxacum subpellucidum)
prylmaskros		(Taraxacum subulicuspis)
ismaskros		(Taraxacum sulitelmae)
polarmaskros		(Taraxacum vacillans)
sandmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Erythrosperma)
bohusmaskros		(Taraxacum abietifolium)
klittmaskros		(Taraxacum acutilimbatum)
knoppmaskros		(Taraxacum brachyglossum)
mörk tegelmaskros	(Taraxacum canulum)
stickmaskros		(Taraxacum commixtum)
Dahls maskros		(Taraxacum dahlii)
hällmaskros		(Taraxacum decipiens)
gösmaskros		(Taraxacum dentosum)
blek brunmaskros	(Taraxacum detonsum)
glappmaskros		(Taraxacum discretum)
parkmaskros		(Taraxacum disseminatum)
solmaskros		(Taraxacum dissimile)
dynmaskros		(Taraxacum dunense)
falkmaskros		(Taraxacum falcatum)
oslomaskros		(Taraxacum friesii)
blankmaskros		(Taraxacum frondatum)
tegelmaskros		(Taraxacum fulvum)
blågrå maskros		(Taraxacum glaucinum)
gutemaskros		(Taraxacum gotlandicum)
sotmaskros		(Taraxacum isophyllum)
karelsk maskros		(Taraxacum isthmicola)
grov sandmaskros	(Taraxacum lacistophylloides)
backmaskros		(Taraxacum lacistophyllum)
skageracksmaskros	(Taraxacum laetiforme)
spädmaskros		(Taraxacum laetum)
gulgrön sandmaskros	(Taraxacum lambinonii)
skagenmaskros		(Taraxacum latulum)
-			(Taraxacum lecitodes)
bårdmaskros		(Taraxacum limbatum)
slickmaskros		(Taraxacum linguatifrons)
fransmaskros		(Taraxacum marginatum)
pyttemaskros		(Taraxacum microlobum)
ölandsmaskros		(Taraxacum oelandicum)
murmaskros		(Taraxacum pallidilateritium)
parnassmaskros		(Taraxacum parnassicum)
blymaskros		(Taraxacum plumbeum)
grusmaskros		(Taraxacum polyschistum)
brunmaskros		(Taraxacum proximum)
bödamaskros		(Taraxacum psammophilum)
-			(Taraxacum pseudofulvum)
fårmaskros		(Taraxacum retroversum)
skevmaskros		(Taraxacum ruberulum)
rubinmaskros		(Taraxacum rubicundum)
lärkmaskros		(Taraxacum saphycraspedum)
skånemaskros		(Taraxacum scanicum)
Holmboes maskros	(Taraxacum schizophyllum)
fanömaskros		(Taraxacum simile)
österlensmaskros	(Taraxacum stellare)
tofsmaskros		(Taraxacum taeniatum)
-			(Taraxacum tanyolobum)
alvarmaskros		(Taraxacum tenellisquameum)
trådmaskros		(Taraxacum tenuilobum)
Thorvalds maskros	(Taraxacum thorvaldii)
skruvmaskros		(Taraxacum tortilobum)
Wendts maskros		(Taraxacum wendtii)
Wessbergs maskros	(Taraxacum wessbergii)
stenmaskros		(Taraxacum xerophilum)
ängsmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Hamata)
hollandsmaskros		(Taraxacum atactum)
Bökmans maskros		(Taraxacum boekmanii)
mörk ängsmaskros	(Taraxacum fusciflorum)
lövmaskros		(Taraxacum hamatiforme)
ängsmaskros		(Taraxacum hamatum)
grönsvart maskros	(Taraxacum hamiferum)
-			(Taraxacum kernianum)
stor ängsmaskros	(Taraxacum lamprophyllum)
Marklunds maskros	(Taraxacum marklundii)
pudermaskros		(Taraxacum pruinatum)
brittmaskros		(Taraxacum pseudohamatum)
kvadratmaskros		(Taraxacum quadrans)
spikmaskros		(Taraxacum spiculatum)
drentemaskros		(Taraxacum subericinum)
daggmaskros		(Taraxacum subhamatum)
tandmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Macrodonta)
-			(Taraxacum acromaurum)
båtmaskros		(Taraxacum cymbifolium)
-			(Taraxacum hypochaeris)
hedemaskros		(Taraxacum obtusatum)
enaforsmaskros		(Taraxacum scotolepis)
fläckmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Naevosa)
nordlig kvällsmaskros	(Taraxacum adpressum)
storkmaskros		(Taraxacum ciconium)
plumpmaskros		(Taraxacum conspersum)
brokmaskros		(Taraxacum dilutisquameum)
bredskaftad fläckmaskros (Taraxacum euryphyllum)
habomaskros		(Taraxacum excellens)
styvmaskros		(Taraxacum firmum)
dalslandsmaskros	(Taraxacum larssonii)
smal fläckmaskros	(Taraxacum lentiginosum)
fläckmaskros		(Taraxacum maculigerum)
sickelmaskros		(Taraxacum naevosiforme)
leverfläcksmaskros	(Taraxacum naevosum)
tännäsmaskros		(Taraxacum opeatolobum)
kvällsmaskros		(Taraxacum praestans)
nattmaskros		(Taraxacum rhodoneuron)
skottlandsmaskros	(Taraxacum subnaevosum)
dvärgmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Obliqua)
dvärgmaskros		(Taraxacum obliquum)
pysslingmaskros		(Taraxacum platyglossum)
strandmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Palustria)
-			(Taraxacum ancoriferum)
sydmaskros		(Taraxacum austrinum)
östersjömaskros		(Taraxacum balticum)
bayersk maskros		(Taraxacum bavaricum)
-			(Taraxacum brandenburgicum)
saffransmaskros		(Taraxacum crocinum)
jämtlandsmaskros	(Taraxacum crocodes)
limfjordsmaskros	(Taraxacum danicum)
kalkmaskros		(Taraxacum decolorans)
smalfjällig strandmaskros (Taraxacum egregium)
kustmaskros		(Taraxacum fennobalticum)
sumpmaskros		(Taraxacum intercedens)
Langes maskros		(Taraxacum langeanum)
vätmaskros		(Taraxacum limnanthes)
slätmaskros		(Taraxacum lissocarpum)
-			(Taraxacum palustre)
sankmaskros		(Taraxacum pseudosuecicum)
flottmaskros		(Taraxacum subalpinum)
strandmaskros		(Taraxacum suecicum)
-			(Taraxacum tragopogon)
västgötamaskros		(Taraxacum vestrogothicum)
atlantmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Spectabilia)
ånnmaskros		(Taraxacum calanthum)
jyllandsmaskros		(Taraxacum cimbricum)
tröndelagsmaskros	(Taraxacum eximium)
färömaskros		(Taraxacum faeroeënse)
högfjällsmaskros	(Taraxacum macrocarpum)
fläckig atlantmaskros	(Taraxacum medioximum)
prydlig maskros		(Taraxacum ornatum)
-			(Taraxacum ovillum)
järvmaskros		(Taraxacum purpuridens)
atlantmaskros		(Taraxacum spectabile)
ogräsmaskrosor		(Taraxacum sect. Taraxacum)
bävermaskros		(Taraxacum aberrans)
gärsnäsmaskros		(Taraxacum accedens)
pagodmaskros		(Taraxacum acervatulum)
gråhårig maskros	(Taraxacum aclidiforme)
tätflikig maskros	(Taraxacum acre)
fågelfotsmaskros	(Taraxacum acroglossum)
spetsmaskros		(Taraxacum acrolobum)
svansmaskros		(Taraxacum acutangulum)
kattmaskros		(Taraxacum acutifidum)
stilettmaskros		(Taraxacum acutifrons)
ålborgsmaskros		(Taraxacum acutisectum)
vridmaskros		(Taraxacum aequilobum)
riddarmaskros		(Taraxacum aequisectum)
finmaskros		(Taraxacum aethiops)
vingmaskros		(Taraxacum alatum)
rödtandad maskros	(Taraxacum altissimum)
stjärnmaskros		(Taraxacum amaurolepis)
-			(Taraxacum amoenum)
-			(Taraxacum ampelophytum)
krokodilmaskros		(Taraxacum amphilobum)
kantmaskros		(Taraxacum amplum)
dansk rundmaskros	(Taraxacum ancistratum)
rundmaskros		(Taraxacum ancistrolobum)
spenslig maskros	(Taraxacum angustisquameum)
visbymaskros		(Taraxacum araneosum)
rådamaskros		(Taraxacum arrectipes)
kungsmaskros		(Taraxacum arrhenii)
medelpadsmaskros	(Taraxacum artutum)
dansk vargmaskros	(Taraxacum asperatilobum)
bågmaskros		(Taraxacum assurgens)
svartkantad maskros	(Taraxacum atrimarginatum)
segelmaskros		(Taraxacum aurosulum)
bandmaskros		(Taraxacum baeckiiforme)
klockmaskros		(Taraxacum biforme)
Blomgrens maskros	(Taraxacum blomgrenii)
-			(Taraxacum boreophilum)
Borgvalls maskros	(Taraxacum borgvallii)
kronmaskros		(Taraxacum brachylepis)
klumpmaskros		(Taraxacum breviflorum)
kortflikig maskros	(Taraxacum brevisectum)
Broddesons maskros	(Taraxacum broddesonii)
näbbmaskros		(Taraxacum cacuminatum)
lockmaskros		(Taraxacum calamistratum)
trasmaskros		(Taraxacum caloschistum)
krokmaskros		(Taraxacum canoviride)
luddmaskros		(Taraxacum capillosum)
rökmaskros		(Taraxacum capnocarpum)
greppmaskros		(Taraxacum carptum)
sågmaskros		(Taraxacum caudatulum)
blekskaftad trasmaskros (Taraxacum chlorodes)
gulgrön maskros		(Taraxacum chloroticum)
Christiansens maskros	(Taraxacum christiansenii)
trasselmaskros		(Taraxacum coartatum)
pilmaskros		(Taraxacum comtulum)
svärdmaskros		(Taraxacum concinnum)
Fjällblads maskros	(Taraxacum conclusum)
vek maskros		(Taraxacum conforme)
bångsbomaskros		(Taraxacum congestum)
tungmaskros		(Taraxacum contractum)
dolkmaskros		(Taraxacum copidophyllum)
hjärtmaskros		(Taraxacum cordatum)
rödskaftad hjärtmaskros (Taraxacum cordiferum)
bumerangmaskros		(Taraxacum corynodes)
tjeckmaskros		(Taraxacum crassum)
piggmaskros		(Taraxacum crebridens)
krusmaskros		(Taraxacum crispatum)
krusbladig maskros	(Taraxacum crispifolium)
kräppmaskros		(Taraxacum crispulum)
rödstrimmig maskros	(Taraxacum croceiflorum)
sänkmaskros		(Taraxacum cumulatum)
kortbladig maskros	(Taraxacum curtifrons)
cyanmaskros		(Taraxacum cyanolepis)
snyggmaskros		(Taraxacum decorum)
sörmlandsmaskros	(Taraxacum deltoideum)
deltamaskros		(Taraxacum deltoidifrons)
korsmaskros		(Taraxacum demens)
dubbelmaskros		(Taraxacum densilobum)
fältmaskros		(Taraxacum diastematicum)
pekmaskros		(Taraxacum dilaceratum)
spårmaskros		(Taraxacum dilatatum)
hästömaskros		(Taraxacum dispar)
särmaskros		(Taraxacum distans)
skönmaskros		(Taraxacum distinctilobum)
Edmondsons maskros	(Taraxacum edmondsonianum)
leguanmaskros		(Taraxacum edytomum)
Ekmans maskros		(Taraxacum ekmanii)
bornholmsmaskros	(Taraxacum ensigerum)
rosenmaskros		(Taraxacum epacroides)
nosmaskros		(Taraxacum epacrum)
vampyrmaskros		(Taraxacum eudontum)
snipmaskros		(Taraxacum exacutum)
östmaskros		(Taraxacum expallidiforme)
skäremaskros		(Taraxacum expallidum)
tammerforsmaskros	(Taraxacum expansum)
Fagerströms maskros	(Taraxacum fagerstroemii)
tjärmaskros		(Taraxacum fasciatum)
finnerödjamaskros	(Taraxacum fennorodiae)
gulnande maskros	(Taraxacum flavescens)
svavelmaskros		(Taraxacum flavostylum)
kransmaskros		(Taraxacum flexile)
skålmaskros		(Taraxacum floccosum)
Florströms maskros	(Taraxacum florstroemii)
trollhättemaskros	(Taraxacum fridenii)
skedmaskros		(Taraxacum fulgidum)
Birgittamaskros		(Taraxacum fuscoolivaceum)
strävmaskros		(Taraxacum galbanum)
trädesmaskros		(Taraxacum geminatum)
yvig maskros		(Taraxacum gesticulans)
skuldermaskros		(Taraxacum gibberum)
sprötmaskros		(Taraxacum gibbiferum)
hökmaskros		(Taraxacum gibbosum)
rydaholmsmaskros	(Taraxacum globiceps)
klyvmaskros		(Taraxacum glossocentrum)
mångtandad maskros	(Taraxacum glossodon)
göteborgsmaskros	(Taraxacum gotoburgense)
gracil maskros		(Taraxacum gracilisquameum)
spadmaskros		(Taraxacum grandidens)
gatmaskros		(Taraxacum gustavianum)
blekingemaskros		(Taraxacum habile)
rödmaskros		(Taraxacum haematicum)
blodmaskros		(Taraxacum haematopus)
vicklebymaskros		(Taraxacum hamatilobum)
-			(Taraxacum hamosiforme)
norrbottensmaskros	(Taraxacum haptolepium)
Haralds maskros		(Taraxacum haraldii)
Heikkinens maskros	(Taraxacum heikkinenii)
hättmaskros		(Taraxacum hemicyclum)
levermaskros		(Taraxacum hepaticum)
jämn strålmaskros	(Taraxacum homoschistum)
hårmaskros		(Taraxacum horridifrons)
huddungemaskros		(Taraxacum huddungense)
Hülphers maskros	(Taraxacum huelphersianum)
björnhovdamaskros	(Taraxacum hyperoptum)
lovisamaskros		(Taraxacum idiomorphum)
Såltins maskros		(Taraxacum imitans)
sorömaskros		(Taraxacum inarmatum)
tistelmaskros		(Taraxacum incisum)
södergårdsmaskros	(Taraxacum infidulum)
klenmaskros		(Taraxacum infumatum)
hängmaskros		(Taraxacum infuscatum)
jättemaskros		(Taraxacum ingens)
tidig maskros		(Taraxacum inops)
delfinmaskros		(Taraxacum insigne)
midjemaskros		(Taraxacum insuetum)
mellanmaskros		(Taraxacum intermedium)
våningsmaskros		(Taraxacum interruptum)
vägmaskros		(Taraxacum interveniens)
skäggmaskros		(Taraxacum involucratum)
hackmaskros		(Taraxacum irritum)
okmaskros		(Taraxacum jugiferum)
Kjellmans maskros	(Taraxacum kjellmanii)
Klingstedts maskros	(Taraxacum klingstedtii)
Kupffers maskros	(Taraxacum kupfferi)
borgholmsmaskros	(Taraxacum lacerifolium)
-			(Taraxacum lacerilobatum)
stubbmaskros		(Taraxacum laciniosifrons)
trubbmaskros		(Taraxacum laciniosum)
kvigmaskros		(Taraxacum lacinulatum)
långtandad maskros	(Taraxacum laeticeps)
rutermaskros		(Taraxacum laeticolor)
Lagerkranz maskros	(Taraxacum lagerkranzii)
matt maskros		(Taraxacum languidum)
klargrön maskros	(Taraxacum laticordatum)
knutmaskros		(Taraxacum latisectum)
bredmaskros		(Taraxacum latissimum)
hagmaskros		(Taraxacum lepidum)
buttermaskros		(Taraxacum leptaleum)
slankmaskros		(Taraxacum leptodon)
pergamentmaskros	(Taraxacum leptoglotte)
tunnbladig maskros	(Taraxacum leptophyllum)
strängmaskros		(Taraxacum leptoscelum)
vitskaftad maskros	(Taraxacum leucopodum)
Lindströms maskros	(Taraxacum lindstroemii)
snabelmaskros		(Taraxacum linguatum)
näsmaskros		(Taraxacum linguicuspis)
måsmaskros		(Taraxacum lingulatum)
långspetsmaskros	(Taraxacum longicuspis)
långmaskros		(Taraxacum longifrons)
jackmaskros		(Taraxacum longisectum)
bryggmaskros		(Taraxacum longisquameum)
skimmermaskros		(Taraxacum lucescens)
björnmaskros		(Taraxacum lucidum)
månmaskros		(Taraxacum lunare)
lundamaskros		(Taraxacum lundense)
sirlig maskros		(Taraxacum lyperum)
gullmaskros		(Taraxacum macranthoides)
olivmaskros		(Taraxacum macrolobum)
bläckmaskros		(Taraxacum maculatum)
-			(Taraxacum margomitis)
-			(Taraxacum mauranthes)
mörkhövdad maskros	(Taraxacum maurocephalum)
svartfläckig maskros	(Taraxacum maurophyllum)
storbladig maskros	(Taraxacum megalophyllum)
knubbmaskros		(Taraxacum megalosipteron)
prickmaskros		(Taraxacum melanthoides)
sparvmaskros		(Taraxacum microcranum)
smalmaskros		(Taraxacum mimulum)
hullingmaskros		(Taraxacum molybdinum)
kopparmaskros		(Taraxacum molybdolepis)
gårdsmaskros		(Taraxacum monochroum)
mångfärgad maskros	(Taraxacum multicolorans)
rufsmaskros		(Taraxacum multifidum)
flikmaskros		(Taraxacum multilobum)
pinnmaskros		(Taraxacum mundulum)
föränderlig maskros	(Taraxacum mutabile)
dimmaskros		(Taraxacum nebulosum)
skaftmaskros		(Taraxacum necessarium)
lundmaskros		(Taraxacum nemorum)
-			(Taraxacum nitidum)
trollmaskros		(Taraxacum obliquilobum)
paddmaskros		(Taraxacum oblongatum)
vagmaskros		(Taraxacum obnubilum)
arkadmaskros		(Taraxacum obtusifrons)
fetmaskros		(Taraxacum obtusilobum)
saimamaskros		(Taraxacum obtusulum)
västmaskros		(Taraxacum occidentale)
grovmaskros		(Taraxacum ochrochlorum)
Ohlséns maskros		(Taraxacum ohlsenii)
klösmaskros		(Taraxacum oinopolepis)
-			(Taraxacum oistophorum)
mörk bumerangmaskros	(Taraxacum olitorium)
baltmaskros		(Taraxacum omissum)
sländmaskros		(Taraxacum onychodontum)
stortandad maskros	(Taraxacum opertum)
nygårdsmaskros		(Taraxacum orbicans)
pingvinmaskros		(Taraxacum orphnocephalum)
moselmaskros		(Taraxacum oxyrhinum)
sandhemsmaskros		(Taraxacum pachylobum)
tätmaskros		(Taraxacum pachymerum)
kilmaskros		(Taraxacum pallens)
blekmaskros		(Taraxacum pallescens)
benmaskros		(Taraxacum pallidipes)
Palmgrens maskros	(Taraxacum palmgrenii)
kragmaskros		(Taraxacum pannucium)
rännmaskros		(Taraxacum pannulatum)
hishultsmaskros		(Taraxacum parasemum)
sköldmaskros		(Taraxacum patens)
triadmaskros		(Taraxacum paucijugum)
fåflikig maskros	(Taraxacum paucilacerum)
kammaskros		(Taraxacum pectinatiforme)
honungsmaskros		(Taraxacum persimile)
östgötamaskros		(Taraxacum picatidens)
hardangermaskros	(Taraxacum piceaticeps)
frescatimaskros		(Taraxacum piceatiforme)
bredskaftad narrmaskros (Taraxacum piceatifrons)
narrmaskros		(Taraxacum piceatum)
stolt maskros		(Taraxacum placibile)
plattmaskros		(Taraxacum planum)
bredbladig maskros	(Taraxacum platyphyllum)
halsmaskros		(Taraxacum plicatifrons)
huggmaskros		(Taraxacum poliophytum)
tandmaskros		(Taraxacum polyodon)
silvermaskros		(Taraxacum porrigens)
vargmaskros		(Taraxacum praeradians)
-			(Taraxacum praestabile)
slåttermaskros		(Taraxacum praticola)
sillmaskros		(Taraxacum privum)
örnmaskros		(Taraxacum procerisquameum)
killebergsmaskros	(Taraxacum procerum)
-			(Taraxacum proclinatum)
lodmaskros		(Taraxacum pronilobum)
snedmaskros		(Taraxacum pseudoretroflexum)
falsk drakmaskros	(Taraxacum pseudostenoschistum)
slokmaskros		(Taraxacum pulcherrimum)
prinsmaskros		(Taraxacum pulchrifolium)
pulvermaskros		(Taraxacum pulverulentum)
Puolannes maskros	(Taraxacum puolannei)
purpurmaskros		(Taraxacum purpureum)
puckelmaskros		(Taraxacum pycnolobum)
toftamaskros		(Taraxacum pycnoschistum)
hög maskros		(Taraxacum quadrangulum)
-			(Taraxacum railonsalae)
-			(Taraxacum recessum)
gråmaskros		(Taraxacum recurvum)
locknemaskros		(Taraxacum remanens)
vallmaskros		(Taraxacum retroflexum)
bergviksmaskros		(Taraxacum revolutum)
mörk vallmaskros	(Taraxacum rhamphodes)
rödskaftad maskros	(Taraxacum rhodopodum)
strakmaskros		(Taraxacum rigens)
saltmaskros		(Taraxacum rubrisquameum)
slitsmaskros		(Taraxacum ruptifolium)
äggmaskros		(Taraxacum sagittipotens)
Sahlins maskros		(Taraxacum sahlinii)
-			(Taraxacum sanguineum)
stockholmsmaskros	(Taraxacum sarcophyllum)
Saxéns maskros		(Taraxacum saxenii)
spinnmaskros		(Taraxacum scotiniforme)
åkermaskros		(Taraxacum scotinum)
lyrmaskros		(Taraxacum scotophyllum)
Sellands maskros	(Taraxacum sellandii)
klotmaskros		(Taraxacum semiglobosum)
sågtandsmaskros		(Taraxacum serratidentatum)
skev drakmaskros	(Taraxacum serratifrons)
älghornsmaskros		(Taraxacum sertatum)
tuschmaskros		(Taraxacum severum)
dalamaskros		(Taraxacum sinuatum)
fågelviksmaskros	(Taraxacum sinus-avis)
thymaskros		(Taraxacum speciosiflorum)
kejsarmaskros		(Taraxacum speciosum)
klövermaskros		(Taraxacum sphaeroides)
stenåsamaskros		(Taraxacum sphenolobum)
-			(Taraxacum splendens)
hajmaskros		(Taraxacum splendidum)
flyktmaskros		(Taraxacum spurium)
triumfmaskros		(Taraxacum staturale)
Dahlstedts maskros	(Taraxacum stenoglossum)
drakmaskros		(Taraxacum stenoschistum)
trappmaskros		(Taraxacum stereodes)
Sterners maskros	(Taraxacum sterneri)
rodermaskros		(Taraxacum subalatum)
halltorpsmaskros	(Taraxacum subbrevisectum)
grågrön maskros		(Taraxacum subcanescens)
smal östmaskros		(Taraxacum subcyanolepis)
rödvinsmaskros		(Taraxacum subdahlstedtii)
höjermaskros		(Taraxacum subestriatum)
blågrön maskros		(Taraxacum subglaucescens)
stor spadmaskros	(Taraxacum subgrandidens)
opalmaskros		(Taraxacum subhuelphersianum)
vimpelmaskros		(Taraxacum sublaciniosum)
blackmaskros		(Taraxacum sublaeticolor)
fynmaskros		(Taraxacum subleucopodum)
blek bryggmaskros	(Taraxacum sublongisquameum)
lågmaskros		(Taraxacum subpraticola)
vasstandad maskros	(Taraxacum subrubescens)
-			(Taraxacum subscotinum)
rivmaskros		(Taraxacum subserratifrons)
syltandad maskros	(Taraxacum subulatidens)
indianmaskros		(Taraxacum subundulatum)
mörkfläckig maskros	(Taraxacum subxanthostigma)
Sundbergs maskros	(Taraxacum sundbergii)
neptunmaskros		(Taraxacum tanyphyllum)
hjulmaskros		(Taraxacum tenebricans)
glesmaskros		(Taraxacum tenue)
grankullamaskros	(Taraxacum tenuiforme)
myggmaskros		(Taraxacum tenuisquameum)
Theodors maskros	(Taraxacum theodori)
trekantsmaskros		(Taraxacum trigonum)
klomaskros		(Taraxacum trilobatum)
uddmaskros		(Taraxacum tumentilobum)
kullmaskros		(Taraxacum umbonulatum)
hakmaskros		(Taraxacum uncosum)
strålmaskros		(Taraxacum undulatiflorum)
spretmaskros		(Taraxacum undulatiforme)
vågmaskros		(Taraxacum undulatum)
hovmaskros		(Taraxacum unguifrons)
vinmaskros		(Taraxacum valens)
granmaskros		(Taraxacum vanum)
buktmaskros		(Taraxacum vastisectum)
blygmaskros		(Taraxacum verecundum)
gåsmaskros		(Taraxacum verticosum)
Wiinstedts maskros	(Taraxacum wiinstedtii)
duvedsmaskros		(Taraxacum vinosicoloratum)
violettribbad maskros	(Taraxacum violaceinervosum)
violmaskros		(Taraxacum violascens)
ullmaskros		(Taraxacum vitellinum)
gyllenmaskros		(Taraxacum xanthostigma)
strålöga		(Telekia speciosa)
fältnocka		(Tephroseris integrifolia)
kärrnocka		(Tephroseris palustris)
trådskära		(Thelesperma megapotamicum)
texaskrage		(Thymophylla tenuiloba)
inkakrage		(Tithonia rotundifolia)
skäggfibbla		(Tolpis barbata)
blek skäggfibbla	(Tolpis umbellata)
-			(Tragopogon brevirostris)
gotländsk haverrot	(Tragopogon crocifolius)
stor haverrot		(Tragopogon dubius)
äkta haverrot		(Tragopogon porrifolius)
ängshaverrot		(Tragopogon pratensis)
småhaverrot		(Tragopogon pratensis ssp. minor)
guldhaverrot		(Tragopogon pratensis ssp. orientalis)
vanlig ängshaverrot	(Tragopogon pratensis ssp. pratensis)
gotländsk haverrot × stor haverrot (Tragopogon crocifolius × dubius)
gotländsk haverrot × småhaverrot (Tragopogon crocifolius × pratensis ssp. minor)
gotländsk haverrot × vanlig ängshaverrot (Tragopogon crocifolius × pratensis ssp. pratensis)
stor haverrot × ängshaverrot (Tragopogon dubius × pratensis)
stor haverrot × vanlig ängshaverrot (Tragopogon dubius × pratensis ssp. pratensis)
äkta haverrot × ängshaverrot (Tragopogon porrifolius × pratensis)
äkta haverrot × småhaverrot (Tragopogon porrifolius × pratensis ssp. minor)
äkta haverrot × vanlig ängshaverrot (Tragopogon porrifolius × pratensis ssp. pratensis)
knappbaldersbrå		(Tripleurospermum disciforme)
baldersbrå		(Tripleurospermum inodorum)
bårdbaldersbrå		(Tripleurospermum maritimum)
kustbaldersbrå		(Tripleurospermum maritimum ssp. maritimum)
svartbaldersbrå		(Tripleurospermum maritimum ssp. nigriceps)
brunbaldersbrå		(Tripleurospermum maritimum ssp. phaeocephalum)
nordbaldersbrå		(Tripleurospermum maritimum ssp. subpolare)
brunbaldersbrå × nordbaldersbrå (Tripleurospermum maritimum ssp. phaeocephalum × ssp. subpolare)
baldersbrå × bårdbaldersbrå (Tripleurospermum inodorum × maritimum)
baldersbrå × kustbaldersbrå (Tripleurospermum inodorum × maritimum ssp. maritimum)
baldersbrå × nordbaldersbrå (Tripleurospermum inodorum × maritimum ssp. subpolare)
strandaster		(Tripolium pannonicum)
-			(Tripolium pannonicum ssp. tripolium)
-			(Tripolium pannonicum var. arcticum)
-			(Tripolium pannonicum var. tripolium)
hästhov			(Tussilago farfara)
= tussilago
skrifttistel		(Tyrimnus leucographus)
verbesina		(Verbesina encelioides)
-			(Verbesina encelioides ssp. encelioides)
-			(Verbesina encelioides ssp. exauriculata)
sömnstjärna		(Xanthisma texanum)
flikgullfrö		(Xanthium ambrosioides)
mörkt gullfrö		(Xanthium orientale)
-			(Xanthium orientale ssp. riparium)
-			(Xanthium orientale ssp. orientale)
-			(Xanthium orientale ssp. italicum)
stickgullfrö		(Xanthium pungens)
tistelgullfrö		(Xanthium spinosum)
ljust gullfrö		(Xanthium strumarium)
pappersblomster		(Xeranthemum annuum)
litet pappersblomster	(Xeranthemum cylindraceum)
-			(Xeranthemum inapertum)
jätteeternell		(Xerochrysum bracteatum)
zinnia			(Zinnia elegans)
guldzinnia		(Zinnia haageniana)
spindelzinnia		(Zinnia peruviana)
åkerkulla × färgkulla	(Anthemis arvensis × Cota tinctoria)
rödklint × strävklint	(Centaurea jacea × Psephellus dealbatus)
kanadabinka × vanlig gråbinka (Conyza canadensis × Erigeron acris ssp. acris)

# Adoxaceae
desmeknopp		(Adoxa moschatellina)
sommarfläder		(Sambucus ebulus)
fläder			(Sambucus nigra)
blåfläder		(Sambucus nigra ssp. cerulea)
vanlig fläder		(Sambucus nigra ssp. nigra)
druvfläder		(Sambucus racemosa)
alaskadruvfläder	(Sambucus racemosa var. arborescens)
vanlig druvfläder	(Sambucus racemosa var. racemosa)
fläder × druvfläder	(Sambucus nigra × racemosa)
hybridkejsarolvon	(Viburnum × bodnantense)
hybridolvon		(Viburnum × burkwoodii)
luktolvon		(Viburnum carlesii)
tandolvon		(Viburnum dentatum)
kejsarolvon		(Viburnum farreri)
parkolvon		(Viburnum lantana)
glansolvon		(Viburnum lentago)
olvon			(Viburnum opulus)
japansk snöbollsbuske	(Viburnum plicatum)
rynkolvon		(Viburnum rhytidophyllum)
parkolvon × rynkolvon	(Viburnum lantana × rhytidophyllum)

# Caprifoliaceae
-			(Centranthus calcitrapae)
sommarpipört		(Centranthus macrosiphon)
pipört			(Centranthus ruber)
alpjättevädd		(Cephalaria alpina)
-			(Cephalaria aristata)
jättevädd		(Cephalaria gigantea)
syrisk jättevädd	(Cephalaria syriaca)
rumänsk jättevädd	(Cephalaria transsylvanica)
getris			(Diervilla lonicera)
kantgetris		(Diervilla sessilifolia)
kardvädd		(Dipsacus fullonum)
= äkta kardvädd
flikig kardvädd		(Dipsacus laciniatus)
hårig kardvädd		(Dipsacus pilosus)
vävarkarda		(Dipsacus sativus)
sträv kardvädd		(Dipsacus strigosus)
algersallat		(Fedia cornucopiae)
åkervädd		(Knautia arvensis)
-			(Knautia integrifolia)
grekvädd		(Knautia macedonica)
paradisbuske		(Kolkwitzia amabilis)
linnea			(Linnaea borealis)
= linnéa
axtry			(Leycesteria formosa)
vintertry		(Lonicera acuminata)
alptry			(Lonicera alpigena)
fagertry		(Lonicera × bella)
eldkaprifol		(Lonicera × brownii)
blåtry			(Lonicera caerulea)
äkta kaprifol		(Lonicera caprifolium)
= kaprifol
kaukasisk try		(Lonicera caucasica)
gulltry			(Lonicera chrysantha)
blomsterkaprifol	(Lonicera × heckrottii)
skärmtry		(Lonicera involucrata)
vanlig skärmtry		(Lonicera involucrata var. involucrata)
kalifornisk skärmtry	(Lonicera involucrata var. ledebourii)
rosenkaprifol		(Lonicera × italica)
slingertry		(Lonicera japonica)
bokharatry		(Lonicera korolkowii)
koreatry		(Lonicera maackii)
amurtry			(Lonicera maximowiczii)
spärrtry		(Lonicera morrowii)
svarttry		(Lonicera nigra)
myrtentry		(Lonicera nitida)
vildkaprifol		(Lonicera periclymenum)
lingontry		(Lonicera pileata)
syrentry		(Lonicera rupicola)
-			(Lonicera rupicola var. syringantha)
-			(Lonicera ruprechtiana)
vintergrön kaprifol	(Lonicera sempervirens)
rosentry		(Lonicera tatarica)
praktkaprifol		(Lonicera tragophylla)
dvärgtry		(Lonicera × xylosteoides)
skogstry		(Lonicera xylosteum)
patrinia		(Patrinia gibbosa)
praktvädd		(Scabiosa atropurpurea)
luktvädd		(Scabiosa canescens)
höstvädd		(Scabiosa caucasica)
fältvädd		(Scabiosa columbaria)
gulvädd			(Scabiosa ochroleuca)
ängsvädd		(Succisa pratensis)
snöbär			(Symphoricarpos albus)
-			(Symphoricarpos albus var. laevigatus)
hybridsnöbär		(Symphoricarpos × chenaultii)
doorenbossnöbär		(Symphoricarpos × doorenbosii)
petersbuske		(Symphoricarpos orbiculatus)
flikfeberrot		(Triosteum pinnatifidum)
småvänderot		(Valeriana dioica)
bergvänderot		(Valeriana montana)
läkevänderot		(Valeriana officinalis)
kattvänderot		(Valeriana phu)
pyreneisk vänderot	(Valeriana pyrenaica)
flädervänderot		(Valeriana sambucifolia)
strandvänderot		(Valeriana sambucifolia ssp. salina)
äkta flädervänderot	(Valeriana sambucifolia ssp. sambucifolia)
alpvänderot		(Valeriana tripteris)
läkevänderot × äkta flädervänderot (Valeriana officinalis × sambucifolia ssp. sambucifolia)
blekklynne		(Valerianella carinata)
bägarklynne		(Valerianella coronata)
sommarklynne		(Valerianella dentata)
luddklynne		(Valerianella eriocarpa)
vårklynne		(Valerianella locusta)
vintersallat		(Valerianella locusta var. oleracea)
-			(Valerianella microcarpa)
-			(Valerianella muricata)
åkerklynne		(Valerianella rimosa)
rosenprakttry		(Weigela florida)

# Araliaceae
kashmiraralia		(Aralia cachemirica)
kalifornia-aralia	(Aralia californica)
parkaralia		(Aralia elata)
kryparalia		(Aralia nudicaulis)
lundaralia		(Aralia racemosa)
taggaralia		(Aralia spinosa)
kaukasisk murgröna	(Hedera colchica)
murgröna		(Hedera helix)
storbladig murgröna	(Hedera hibernica)
dvärgspikblad		(Hydrocotyle novae-zeelandiae)
flytspikblad		(Hydrocotyle ranunculoides)
trådspikblad		(Hydrocotyle sibthorpioides)
spikblad		(Hydrocotyle vulgaris)

# Pittosporaceae
krusig glansbuske	(Pittosporum undulatum)

# Apiaceae
kirskål			(Aegopodium podagraria)
= kers
vildpersilja		(Aethusa cynapium)
liten vildpersilja	(Aethusa cynapium var. agrestis)
smal vildpersilja	(Aethusa cynapium var. cynapium)
trädgårdsvildpersilja	(Aethusa cynapium var. domestica)
stor vildpersilja	(Aethusa cynapium var. gigantea)
slöjsilja		(Ammi majus)
tandpetarsilja		(Ammi visnaga)
-			(Ammoselinum popei)
dill			(Anethum graveolens)
kvanne			(Angelica archangelica)
fjällkvanne		(Angelica archangelica ssp. archangelica)
strandkvanne		(Angelica archangelica ssp. littoralis)
strätta			(Angelica sylvestris)
taggkörvel		(Anthriscus caucalis)
dansk körvel		(Anthriscus cerefolium)
hundkäx			(Anthriscus sylvestris)
selleri			(Apium graveolens)
stjärnflocka		(Astrantia major)
= stjärnfloka
kaukasisk stjärnflocka	(Astrantia maxima)
bäckmärke		(Berula erecta)
strålkoriander		(Bifora radians)
dubbelkoriander		(Bifora testiculata)
drusa			(Bowlesia glandulosa)
-			(Bowlesia incana)
jordkastanj		(Bunium bulbocastanum)
cirkelharört		(Bupleurum croceum)
smalbladig harört	(Bupleurum falcatum)
pisidisk harört		(Bupleurum heldreichii)
-			(Bupleurum lancifolium)
spetsharört		(Bupleurum odontites)
harört			(Bupleurum rotundifolium)
anatolisk harört	(Bupleurum subovatum)
strandnål		(Bupleurum tenuissimum)
kummin			(Carum carvi)
piggkörvel		(Caucalis platycarpos)
flodsilja		(Cenolophium denudatum)
sallatsspikblad		(Centella asiatica)
doftkörvel		(Chaerophyllum aromaticum)
guldkörvel		(Chaerophyllum aureum)
rotkörvel		(Chaerophyllum bulbosum)
bergkörvel		(Chaerophyllum hirsutum)
bred bergkörvel		(Chaerophyllum hirsutum ssp. hirsutum)
smal bergkörvel		(Chaerophyllum hirsutum ssp. villarsii)
rysskörvel		(Chaerophyllum prescottii)
-			(Chaerophyllum tainturieri)
hårkörvel		(Chaerophyllum temulum)
sprängört		(Cicuta virosa)
smal sprängört		(Cicuta virosa var. angustifolia)
vanlig sprängört	(Cicuta virosa var. virosa)
ryssilja		(Conioselinum tataricum)
odört			(Conium maculatum)
nötkörvel		(Conopodium majus)
koriander		(Coriandrum sativum)
strandsilja		(Crithmum maritimum)
kanadapersilja		(Cryptotaenia canadensis)
spiskummin		(Cuminum cyminum)
kvarnselleri		(Cyclospermum leptophyllum)
morot			(Daucus carota)
vildmorot		(Daucus carota ssp. carota)
strandmorot		(Daucus carota ssp. gummifer)
jättemorot		(Daucus carota ssp. maximus)
äkta morot		(Daucus carota ssp. sativus)
-			(Daucus glochidiatus)
spikmorot		(Daucus muricatus)
-			(Elaeosticta lutea)
alpmartorn		(Eryngium alpinum)
fältmartorn		(Eryngium campestre)
silvermartorn		(Eryngium giganteum)
texasmartorn		(Eryngium hookeri)
martorn			(Eryngium maritimum)
rysk martorn		(Eryngium planum)
skärblad		(Falcaria vulgaris)
fänkål			(Foeniculum vulgare)
gullflocka		(Hacquetia epipactis)
krypfloka		(Helosciadium inundatum)
fränefloka		(Helosciadium nodiflorum)
sumpfloka		(Helosciadium repens)
kungsholmsloka		(Heracleum 'Kungsholm')
jätteloka		(Heracleum mantegazzianum)
= jättebjörnloka
tromsöloka		(Heracleum persicum)
hörsneloka		(Heracleum platytaenium)
liten jätteloka		(Heracleum pubescens)
bredloka		(Heracleum sosnowskyi)
björnloka		(Heracleum sphondylium)
sibirisk björnloka	(Heracleum sphondylium ssp. sibiricum)
vit björnloka		(Heracleum sphondylium ssp. sphondylium)
jätteloka × tromsöloka	(Heracleum mantegazzianum × persicum)
jätteloka × vit björnloka (Heracleum mantegazzianum × sphondylium ssp. sphondylium)
tromsöloka × sibirisk björnloka (Heracleum persicum × sphondylium ssp. sibiricum)
filigranskörvel		(Krubera peregrina)
klotkummin		(Lagoecia cuminoides)
alpspenört		(Laserpitium halleri)
-			(Laserpitium hispidum)
spenört			(Laserpitium latifolium)
preussisk spenört	(Laserpitium prutenicum)
libbsticka		(Levisticum officinale)
strandloka		(Ligusticum scothicum)
= strandfloka
björnrot		(Meum athamanticum)
alpkörvel		(Molopospermum peleponnesiacum)
spansk körvel		(Myrrhis odorata)
vattenstäkra		(Oenanthe aquatica)
saffransstäkra		(Oenanthe crocata)
pipstäkra		(Oenanthe fistulosa)
flodstäkra		(Oenanthe fluviatilis)
selleristäkra		(Oenanthe javanica)
smalstäkra		(Oenanthe lachenalii)
knölstäkra		(Oenanthe pimpinelloides)
blomsterkörvel		(Orlaya grandiflora)
palsternacka		(Pastinaca sativa)
vanlig palsternacka	(Pastinaca sativa ssp. sativa)
vildpalsternacka	(Pastinaca sativa ssp. sylvestris)
sydpalsternacka		(Pastinaca sativa ssp. urens)
persilja		(Petroselinum crispum)
backsilja		(Peucedanum oreoselinum)
mästerrot		(Peucedanum ostruthium)
kärrsilja		(Peucedanum palustre)
-			(Physospermum cornubiense)
anis			(Pimpinella anisum)
stor bockrot		(Pimpinella major)
lång bockrot		(Pimpinella peregrina)
bockrot			(Pimpinella saxifraga)
sammetsbockrot		(Pimpinella saxifraga ssp. nigra)
vanlig bockrot		(Pimpinella saxifraga ssp. saxifraga)
-			(Pimpinella tripartita)
piploka			(Pleurospermum austriacum)
falsk fänkål		(Ridolfia segetum)
sårläka			(Sanicula europaea)
turkisk nålkörvel	(Scandix balansae)
kaukasisk nålkörvel	(Scandix iberica)
nålkörvel		(Scandix pecten-veneris)
späd nålkörvel		(Scandix pecten-veneris ssp. brachycarpa)
äkta nålkörvel		(Scandix pecten-veneris ssp. pecten-veneris)
stjärnkörvel		(Scandix stellata)
krusfrö			(Selinum carvifolia)
= krussilja
slidsilja		(Selinum dubium)
karstsilja		(Selinum silaifolium)
-			(Seseli campestre)
säfferot		(Seseli libanotis)
fliksäfferot		(Seseli montanum)
rysk ängssilja		(Silaum alpestre)
ängssilja		(Silaum silaus)
höstpersilja		(Sison segetum)
vattenmärke		(Sium latifolium)
vingloka		(Smyrnium perfoliatum)
alexanderloka		(Smyrnium olusatrum)
åkerkörvel		(Torilis arvensis)
-			(Torilis arvensis ssp. arvensis)
-			(Torilis arvensis ssp. neglecta)
rödkörvel		(Torilis japonica)
-			(Torilis leptophylla)
knutkörvel		(Torilis nodosa)
-			(Torilis ucranica)
ajowan			(Trachyspermum ammi)
-			(Trinia kitaibelii)
stickkörvel		(Turgenia latifolia)
